 Four days ago (the morning of Sept 19) there were 898 reviews of this book. By evening there were 983 reviews. The reviews were merciless and many quite funny (though mostly accurate). This morning I look and there's 209 reviews. Hmmmmm, what happened to all those other reviews? Apparently Clinton has friends at Amazon.  Edited to add: In the WND article there was a comment " This may be the first book to receive more reviews than sales" and I think that's possible. Meanwhile Hillary is laughing all the way to the bank. First she gets an $8 million dollar advance from Simon and Schuster for her last abysmal failure and now she's getting somewhere around $14 million for this book. The woman could hustle Bernie Madoff.  Well, it looks like things have changed in the last 9 days. Apparently Amazon's censorship scandal and the subsequent outrage from their customers got the attention of the front office and they decided to let free speech ring. Maybe, just maybe they've been following the Target transgender debacle and figured out that people will actually vote with their feet. review image
 I ordered this book from the Clinton Foundation for 2.5 million USD. It came with a certificate good for one free ambassadorship and a guaranteed seat on the State Department advisory board. I only give it one star because when I received the book I found all the pages had been deleted.
 This book begins well. The first sentence says, "America is great because America is good." It goes downhill from there. My experience has been that people want to know the inside truth about their role models. I read page after page looking for tips on how to ask for big payments from rich foreign money launderers, military dictators or junk food manufacturers. It was just a bunch of malarkey even more boring than a 6th grade Common Core history book. I wanted to find out how to delete hundreds of thousands of voter registrations and emails, but no such luck. This book talks about how every vote counts. As long as it's for Hillary Clinton! [seriously: I did skim it and it is sooooooo boring and these are two boring people with very little to say except "vote for me!"]
 On a technical level, the book is well written in that the authors give concise details of all their plans for America once they get their hands on her, if they do, that is. But I couldn't stand listening to more than an hour of the Audible version I wasted a credit on and skimmed the remainder of my Kindle version, all the while shaking my head.  The book details ambitious plans for overhauling everything from infrastructure to manufacturing to clean energy, etc. and much within their first 100 days because they say that they aren't going to wait for people such as "defeatists in Congress to take action." The book also documents their plans for making debt-free college available to all Americans, but that section doesn't say who's going to foot the bill just a small statement that they are going to "Push employers to contribute to student-debt relief."  The book also has sections on regulations for companies to make them "share profits with employees" and lots more promises of goodies for everyone, no doubt, in an attempt to buy their votes. All this, and the authors plan on defeating ISIS and global terrorism too.  And that's only the first half of the book! Skimming, skimming, skimming...  I don't believe the authors can do all that they say they are going to do in this book, and I don't want them to even try. Not one single progressive proposal in this book is going to make you and me as fellow Americans, "Stronger Together." If you decide to read the book yourself and manage to get through it all, please read between the lines and keep asking yourself who will pay for everything proposed and at what price will it come?
 Every time I write my review it gets deleted., it's so weird. Does anyone know where the servers are hosted that contain reviews? Seems to resolve to bathroom.mailserver.bathroom.dc That seems very odd. I'm sure this one will get deleted as well. Oh well.
 Tried reading the book but developed an instant case of narcolepsy. Then tried using it as a back yard pooper scooper, but it's already so full of feces that no dog poop would fit. Bummer.
 Strangely, every time I opened this book I was hit with a wave of nausea, followed by uncontrollable coughing. I believe it is a horcrux. Take caution, friends!
 Its tragic that Jeff Bezos is willing to risk the integrity of the ratings system to protect his Presidential Candidate of Choice, Hillary Clinton. A couple of days ago there were over 2000 reviews. Great majority were negative. Bezos had them removed to puff up Hillary's reputation. What else is Jeff tilting the scales on?
 I was absorbed reading "Stronger Together" but by page 30, I had a episode of confusion. All I can recall is being dragged toward my car. The only thing I wonder, now that I'm fully conscious in the safety of my home, is "why is the presidential running mate waving a Nazi salute on the book cover? Could it be coincidence or a hidden message?"
 I didn't buy it. I saw it in a used bookstore, displayed like a political advertisement. So, I took it to the sitting area, read parts, and skimmed the rest.  It is truly the most pathetic book ever written (or perhaps generated mostly by computer?). I was hoping to at least get some good information about things that Hillary Clinton is good at doing. For example, how about a chapter called "5 Easy Steps to Getting Money from Dictators"? Or, "3 Steps to Permanently Deleting E-mails Under Subpoena ... And Getting Away With It!" Or, "10 Steps to Having the FBI in YOUR Back Pocket."  I searched frantically for the chapter on rigging a primary election. And quick steps to getting massive donations from Wall Street and hedge funds. I wanted also to know how to play the female victim, how to lie reflexively and pathologically, how to knock off people and make it look like suicide, how to extort massive amounts of money, and how to set up a pay-for-play foundation. I mean, typically authors write about things they know how to do better than just about everyone else in their field. But not Hillary Clinton. She likes to write the most dull fiction imaginable.  Clearly, this book was just a check box in a formulaic campaign. Perhaps her next book will be about how to lose an election.
 How are we to believe that the book was written by Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Kaine? They've been a bit busy lately. Obviously ghost-written campaign drivel. If she really believes we're "stronger together" perhaps she should stop dividing us. Not calling her opponent's supporters "deplorable" might be a good start.
 How fascinating that the prior review I posted (which was not favorable) was deleted along with the reviews of many others. Welcome to the new world order, where anyone who disagrees with Hillary can disappear, just like her emails. Thanks Amazon, you are showing your true colors as well as whose pocket you are in.
 That book is such a horrible vile bore. They had a gigantic stack of them at the bookstore today and I skim read some of it. It's awful. No wonder no one is buying it. They even had a 90% off sign over them and it seems like absolutely no one was buying them. So sad.
 I was just surprised to see that Amazon.com calls this a BEST SELLER. Maybe because there are more reviews posted than actual books sold? I don't think very many people liked this book. Decided not to purchase it.
 Best read in years! Not the book of course. but the reviews. I tried reading the book but kept passing out. The good news is I'm able to recover almost immediately. Unfortunately it's changed something in my system because now everyone says I look drugged any time someone asks me a question that I wasn't expecting. I'd love to see a Doctor about all of this but my children all still live at home and they don't have an apartment that doubles as a medical facility yet. There have been some positive changes in my life since purchasing Stronger Together, It seems that about 30,000 of my emails have disappeared from my old yahoo account. (Since I'm not sure if any were important I'm checking with the Russians to make sure they have a back up) I'm thinking of buying a couple more copies. Maybe then I can get my inbox down to a manageable size. My only concern is the possible side effects of this review. For the time being, we've removed all pillows from the house, my wife has locked up all of our weapons and changed the combination so I can't get them and shoot myself 3 times in the head and for now I've stopped lifting weights. Hopefully I'll at least make it until the election.
 From the desks of other communist leaders to your living room, this reads like the perfect " how to be just like my idol Hitler" guide.  Chapter one; Tim Kaine gives advice on how to lure little children into your basement for fun and games just like he and his wife do.  Chapter two; Bill tells you all about his work as an Ob/Gyn since he retired from law in the 90's.  Chapter three: Chelsea gives you advice on why all of us should drink our own urine in her chapter on healthy living and how to avoid upper respiratory infections in the future.  And finally Chapter four. Hillary's how to guide for deleting your enemies in three easy steps, easier than emails from a server!
 I saw the media coverage about the disappearing reviews and I must commend the not yet deleted reviewers for their straight forward, concise and on point reviews. Because you took the time and risk to share your insights, I still have $6 in my pocket. Thank you!
 I borrowed this book and read it. They left out many key points. There was no mention of brain cancer, Parkinson's, body doubles, cummadin treatment, missing emails and recognition of the body count so far. This needs to be rewritten.
 If Hillary really wanted to make money, she's sell a book containing reviews of this book!  Look, I'd never write a review of something I didn't use/watch/read. I this it's, shall I say, Deplorable.  I had to make an exception to this, because, um, she's a lying sack. Her lies are legendary, in fact, and if she told me (between infected coughing fits, and if I could afford to have her speak to little-ole-me) water was wet, I'd Google it before believing it.  Since this book isn't in the Humor section, or Fiction, or titled Amazing Stories, I have to believe she is presenting this book as a collection of facts, or at least believable stories. As such, I would have to Google frequently, probably several times each page, just to be certain of what I'm reading.  As an avid reader, that makes this book less than one star. I read to relax or to educate myself, and this book can do neither. All this book would do for me is squander my data allowance with AT&T.  Look Mr. Bezos, I appreciate you having a strong political opinion, even if I don't agree with it. I even get how you removed a bunch of reviews to help her (did you do the same for Trump's books?), even though it didn't help much. I have been with Amazon since back when all you sold were books, and it's my go-to for pretty much everything.  What I don't get is, why haven't you been bounced out of your position? You have an army of 20 reporters looking for dirt on Trump, and so far they've found nothing, except that billionaires lean toward beautiful women. I could have told you that for a $5 gift card. Amazon doesn't take EBT, yet you're throwing money and support at a candidate who will ensure more and more people are on it. She has been embraced and protected by the media, yet the first chance she gets she ditches them and keeps them in the dark during important news events. Either she lied to them, or she shared an infectious, potentially deadly disease with her child and her grandchildren. She's not your friend. She's nobody's friend.  And she's hardly Presidential.  Past behavior is the best way to predict future behavior. She will stab you in the back without hesitation. review image
 Thursday: 2,000 reviews, 1.7 stars. Thursday PM, 255 reviews, 2.5 stars. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos owns the Washington Post - they created an army of 20 reporters and researchers to investigate the life of Donald Trump. So much unethical behavior from the drones trying to prop up Hillary the dying serial felon. Too bad Amazon does not do the same for the politicians and beliefs that I favor as a "deplorable" - those are savaged by Amazon reviewers who did not buy the product.
 I finished the book, then looked at the reviews. This one got my attention. "Four days ago (the morning of Sept 19) there were 898 reviews of this book. By evening there were 983 reviews. The reviews were merciless and many quite funny (though mostly accurate). This morning I look and there's 209 reviews. Hmmmmm, what happened to all those other reviews? Apparently Clinton has friends at Amazon."  Bezos is doing all he can to undermine Hillary's opponent, but my trust in Amazon just took a hit.  The book was nearly unreadable, as it was filled with self serving, pro-statist drivel. I am giving my copy to left winger who is a lost cause anyway.
 I was given this book as a gift by someone who clearly hates me. Pages fit perfectly in the bottom tray of Mr. Cheep-Cheep's birdcage tho! Apparently Mr. Cheep-Cheep can read, he crapped on them then threw them out of the cage, kinda like I did when I read it. As "Urban Legend" says in his review, "Save your money for food for your family just in case she is elected".
 Being a mystery book fan who likes to read whodoneits 'til three in the morning, I was very disappointed to find no solution to the Vince Foster mystery. I mean, here's a guy, who commits suicide by pumping a couple of bullets into his head, yet there is not a drop of blood or viscera anywhere in the vicinity of his body lying peacefully at Marcy Park.  Maybe they will include that in the paperback edition.
 Are there really people out there that are still considering voting for this corrupt, globalist-pushing, lying thief that wants to help take away America's sovereignty? I mean, that damn jar of pickles would be better for Americans than her brand of slightly-different-than-Obama's Marxism. God help us all.
 Please guys - Do your research on this candidate without the help of the main stream media. Through an objective lens, any rational thinker will witness that Hillary is an indisputably corrupt politician. I always voted Democrat...but cannot stand behind Hillary after watching her for decades exploit the black community for political gain. We're NOT with her.
 My concern was not the book full of lies, but if the picture on the cover is her body double, and if it is her. Was that picture taken after passing out due to heat in cool weather and having pneumonia or before?
 I have lost faith in Amazon's rating system. I am disgusted in seeing negative reviews of this trash were removed because of Amazon's biased liberal political views. This poorly written tripe is basically an unobtainable agenda that promises more expensive, wasteful handouts that will continue and worsen our spiraling debt problem. Rather than wasting your time on this collection of failed ideas and outright lies, I highly recommend the movie "Hillary's America" by Dinesh D'souza. Whether you are liberal, conservative, or somewhere in between, don't help destroy our country by giving the presidency to such a selfish, dishonest, and evil person.
 This book was a vile piece of nauseating vomit.
 Wish I could delete this book as easily as she deleted her emails. Don't waste your money. She has shown that she is anti-American, anti-Constitution, anti-military, and anti-police. She is a liberal who will sell our country to the highest bidder.
 Hillary promises to "invest" in manufacturing, infrastructure, clean energy, R&D, and small businesses. It is not government's job to "invest" to create jobs. If it is a profitable venture, it can be done better, cheaper, and more efficiently by private, free enterprise. If the government could invest its way to the creation of "millions of high paying jobs" that Hillary promises, why don't we just turn over everything we own to Uncle Sam and let the efficiency of government create wealth for us? This is hokum economics put out there for the lame brain imbeciles that don't know the abc's about how economics operates. She also promises to make America the "clean energy super power of the world" by building half a billion solar panels. If solar energy was cheap and efficient, it already would have replaced fossil fuels. Solar energy is far more expensive and that is why it has to be subsidized by government. How is America's wealth going to be enhanced by spending far MORE on its energy needs? A higher cost for our energy will only make us poorer, not richer. This is simple common sense, a commodity sorely lacking among many. This woman would flunk a course in economics 101. Furthermore, she will make college debt-free. Who is going to pay for this boondoggle? What do you suppose will happen to college tuition if the government is paying for it? Colleges will wring their hands in glee and jack up the cost. She wants to tax corporations and the wealthy. Anyone with a modicum of intelligence knows that corporations just pass their costs onto the consumers. The wealthy can move to other parts of the world if the tax rate burden becomes too high. There goes our entrepreneurs. Trump promises to Make America Great Again. Hillary promises will result in Making America Poorer Than It Already Is. If this woman had such brilliant plans to create millions of high paying jobs, why didn't she share this secret recipe with her boss Barack Obama eight years ago???? The answer, she doesn't really have a secret recipe to create what she promises. It's all smoke and mirrors.
 Have to admit this was a page turner. But only because I had diarrhea. Effective toilet paper. Would reccomendation for wiping your a**.
 It is a truly frightening work of fiction by this well known sociopath, socialist and communist. OMG are we in trouble if this pair sees the White House. I thought Bill was bad. He must have gotten tips from Hillary. Don't bother reading this. Amazon will change my rating from one star to five anyway.
 I had high hopes for this, and an open mind (being a Bernie supporter), but this is garbage. Worst 15 bucks I ever spent! review image
 You can learn all about Hillary's 4 year plan to destroy America and join the evil global empire but I only gave one star due to lack of some critical information such as:  How to cackle without laying an egg How to rock a $4,000 polyester pant suit in the 21st century How to win 6 consecutive coin flips to steal an election How to sell a public seizure as a mild case of brain freeze How to project your deepest character flaws onto your opponent without looking like a hypocrite And how to gracefully face-plant into a van while keeping your dignity intact  With such useful information lacking, let's hope her book sales don't plummet faster than her catheter clip on 9-11
 I purchased this book, wanting to learn more about the Democratic candidates. It arrived on time, but I was totally unable to open the book. The pages seemed to be stuck together. Upon further examination, I realized that there's so much b.s. oozing out between the front and back covers that it is IMPOSSIBLE to open, and the stench is unbearable. So, I threw it away along with all the other trash.
 A friend of mine who happens to be a Democrat bugged me to read this. I'm a center-right Independent, so I generally wouldn't waste my time with ANY Clinton. But, my friend loaned me her copy and I told her that I'd keep an open mind. I DID NOT BOTHER FINISHING IT. After 3 chapters, I called it quits. It was nothing but a vague campaign speed have masquerading as non-fiction! Absolute rubbish from an absolute rubbish of a person.
 Stronger together than Deplorable me? *sigh* I'd like a President that actually loves America again. This book fell apart the day I received it, absolutely no binding glue. WTH? Most likely what will happen to OUR country if people actualy vote for her. review image
 Went to the doctor and this was sitting on the table, so I read it while waiting for my appointment. What mindless drivel. I understand that TimKaine is a Godless Communist hiding behind the facade of a normal politician, but the combination of him & Mrs Clinton is unimaginable. Summed up, they'll do for us what she did for Libya and Syria. More open borders. More unvetted Islamic immigration. More terrorism our streets.
 Amazon would need to introduce a system of negative star ratings in order for me to adequately express how miserable a read this book was.
 Killary hitlery rotten crooked Clinton. Tim Kaine and disabled. A blueprint for failure. Trump. Make America great again. review image  review image
 1 star protest-rating for Amazon removing hundreds of reviews based on political bias. 👎👎👎 review image  review image
 HILLARY FOR PRISION AND ALL HER CORRUPT MINIONS. AMAZON I HEARD YOU DOCTORED THIS UP FOR THE OLE GIRL, YOU KNOW WHEN YOU PICK A SIDE ITS ALWAYS BEST TO BE WITH THE GOOD. DONT BE A NWO SUPPORTER review image
 I kept trying to read this on kindle but it kept getting wiped and not with a towel.
 I think my copy had alto of pages missing. It said nothing about Benghazi or the missing emails or even the Clinton foundation. I kept reading and found nothing about whitewater or her husband's sex scandals or any of the other scandals they keep ending up in. Maybe by stronger together she was talking about her and wallstreet and the foreign countries her foundation keeps taking money from or how the democratic party is stronger together now that she screwed Sanders out of the nomination. Maybe the fact that Im a free thinking American who sees past her lies made this book seem like a waste of time.
 "You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy" destroying what remains of America, together. HER wrote it like bees make limestone. review image
 Sorry to read about Hillary's many physical and mental ailments. Maybe they should reboot the campaign as "Kane and Disabled."
 There...fixed the book cover. review image
 I was disappoint.  Look as I might I did not see a thing about Timid Kaine's greatest accomplishment in Virginia.....Shutting down most of the rest areas along Virginia's interstates while he was Governor in a effort to save the cost of one of his Virginia State Police helicopter rides to a fund raiser.
 This book was given to me by a friend and I found it very hard to read. So much that my health deteriorated and I cannot stand up straight. review image
 I love my Amazon prime acct, but in this world of boycotts, I'm seriously thinking of boycotting Amazon over their intended manipulation of reviews of this book. The power brokers in this country must be stopped! HRC is a fraud, liar, and unprosecuted criminal.
 As has been said before, if liberals didn’t have double standards, they wouldn’t have any standards at all. Hillary Clinton is a liar, and should learn what the letter "C" really means.
 This book is as bad as Hillary's jokes - terrible. Jennifer Flowers could write a better book!
 Found a copy of this book at the bottom of a garbage can, but after wiping off the old spaghetti, I found it to be quite an interesting book of complete fiction. I really can't wait to read the follow-up to this book, "I've Fallen and I Can't Get Up: My Political Career In Flames" by Hillary Rodham Clinton, and of course the third book in the trilogy, "Why Doesn't Bill Visit Me In Prison?" by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
 Reviews of books like this are 5 or 1 star depending on one's politics. That said, the truth is that Clinton and Kaine didn't write this book - it was cobbled together by a team of ghost writers as a political ploy for the presidency. What I find objectionable were the reviews that disappeared then reappeared. Shame on you, Amazon. review image
 I expected a book that would tell me how to delete emails off of my SMTP server, instead all I see is "VOTE FOR ME BECAUSE IM A WOMAN"  Highly unrecommend
 she is a criminal and since her health is so bad Kaine will become president if she is elected  and about Kaine The establishment media call the Democratic Party vice-presidential nominee a “moderate.”  But the evidence shows the Virginia senator’s record is radical. And so is his background.  How radical?  For starters, Kaine’s first political mentors were Marxist revolutionaries. Since then, he has become allied with Islamic extremists.  Clinton’s running mate is the only member of Congress to get a zero percent lifetime rating from the American Conservative Union. He also gets zero percent from Conservative Review.  By contrast, Planned Parenthood gave Kaine a 100 percent scorecard.  While the Virginia senator may cultivate an image of being a moderate, his positions on the issues put him on the far left of the political spectrum.  Abortion  As a Catholic, Kaine has said he has “a faith-based opposition to abortion,” and,”I don’t like it personally. I’m opposed to abortion.” But he has also said, “I’m a strong supporter of Roe v. Wade.”  In fact, despite his “personal” and religious beliefs, Kaine has even vowed to “oppose efforts to weaken or subvert the basic holding of Roe v. Wade.”  Asked if the Supreme Court should overturn Roe v. Wade, he said, “I don’t think the Supreme Court should.” He continued, “Roe vs. Wade is ultimately about saying that there is a realm of personal liberty for people to make this decision.”  Dr. Deborah Nucatola talked openly about partial birth abortion and compensation for baby body parts in the first undercover video released by the Center for Medical Progress.  Dr. Deborah Nucatola discusses baby body parts in the first Planned Parenthood undercover video released by the Center for Medical Progress.  Kaine opposes laws to establish building standards to ensure safe and sanitary conditions at abortion clinics, calling that “just political grandstanding.”  Kaine opposes laws requiring women to have ultrasounds before having an abortion.  Kaine supports public funding of abortion.  Kaine initially called the disturbing undercover videos revealing Planned Parenthood’s selling of baby body parts “extremely troubling,” but then voted against defunding the organization.  As noted above, Planned Parenthood gave Kaine a 100 percent scorecard.  Asked by CNN if he would call himself pro-life, he said, “I’ve never embraced labels.”  Immigration  Kaine co-sponsored the I-Squared bill which would nearly double the number of H-1B visas which corporations such as Disney use to replace American workers.  Kaine supports amnesty for illegal immigrants.  The Center for Immigration Studies found each household in America has been paying thousands of dollars in welfare benefits for illegals.  Kaine supported the doomed “Gang of 8” comprehensive immigration reform bill.  Kaine supported the failed DREAM Act, which would have legalized millions of illegal immigrants.  Kaine supports President Obama’s executive orders expanding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, and Deferred Action for Parental Accountability, or DAPA, programs, which will give legal status to millions illegal immigrants, if they survive court challenges.  Kaine supports making it easier for foreign students to get green cards.  Muslim immigration  Kaine was one of 14 senators who wrote a letter to Obama in May 2015 calling for “greatly increasing the number of Syrian refugees who are resettled in our country.”  Kaine said “the United States has a moral obligation” to do so.  burka_family_vacation  In the same letter, Kaine also called upon the United Kingdom and France to accept more Syrian refugees.  In a Senate speech, Kaine said: “I look at this refugee crisis as a test … about whether we, like Job, will be true to our principles or whether we’ll abandon them. Kaine opposed a bill passed by the House in 2015 that would have required greater vetting of Syrian and Iraqi refugees.  That same year, he said in an interview, “the refugee vetting process is one of the safest areas that we have.”  Kaine claims, “Refugees are the most carefully vetted of all travelers to the U.S., with extensive biometric, biographic, intelligence, and law enforcement checks involving numerous agencies.”  Taxes  Kaine wants to raise federal taxes by $1 trillion over the next 10 years.  Politifact said GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s claim that Kaine proposed $4 billion in total tax increases during first week as governor of Virginia in January 2006, was “largely accurate” and rated it as “mostly true.”  Indeed, as governor, Kaine immediately and unsuccessfully pushed a $1 billion tax increase.  He also tried to increase car registration fees and traffic ticket fines.  Two years later, he proposed a $1.1 billion plan to increase vehicle-registration fees and title taxes.  In his final year in office, Kaine tried to increase the state’s income tax another percentage point to 6.75 percent.  Israel  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks to Congress on March 3, 2015  Kaine strongly objected when former House Speaker John Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to speak to Congress in 2015 about his opposition to Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, and was one of nine senators to boycott the speech.  Kaine was one of only 12 senators to refuse to sign a bipartisan letter in June 2014 warning Obama about funding the Palestinian Authority after it formed a unity government with the terrorist group Hamas. Eighty-eight senators signed the letter.  The leftist PAC J Street was the single biggest donor to Kaine from 2011-2016, giving him $178,283. Liberal attorney and former Harvard Law School professor Alan Dershowitz calls J Street “the most damaging organization in American history against Israel.”  Iran  Kaine was a “strong supporter” of Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, calling it “a dramatic improvement over the status quo that will improve global security for at least 15 years, and likely longer.”  Kaine fought to keep the treaty from coming up for a vote in the Senate.  Second Amendment  Kaine claims he “strongly supports” the Second Amendment but has supported a number of measures to severely weaken it.  Kaine voted for a ban on so-called “assault weapons.”  Kaine wants to limit ammunition clips to no more than 10 bullets.  Kaine favors increasing background checks.  He said he supports the right “to hunt and fish,” but he also believes “we must take concrete steps to reduce gun violence.”  He called the Orlando nightclub terror attack “just an additional wake up call that we need to find solutions to reduce this scourge of gun violence.”  Affirmative Action  Kaine supports government-enforced affirmative-action policies giving preferences to minorities and women in hiring and college admissions.  Voter ID  Kaine does not believe a photo ID should be required to vote.  Kaine said the purpose of North Carolina’s voter ID law was to, “with surgical precision, deny African Americans the right to vote.”  Kaine wants to make voter registration easier and favors early voting.  He wants to restore the right of convicts to vote.  Campaign Finance  Kaine believes the Supreme Court’s decision in Citizens United erodes democracy and undermines elections and encourages lobbyists to influence votes.  He favors public financing of federal campaigns.  Minimum wage  Kaine favored raising the minimum wage in Virginia, “because no family working full time should live under the poverty level.”  Welfare  Kaine “strongly supported” the extension of emergency unemployment insurance benefits “because it strengthens our economy and protects Virginians who are looking for jobs and trying to get back to work.”  Religious freedom  Kaine opposes school prayer.  Kaine opposes government funding for religious organizations.  Kaine opposes the posting of the Ten Commandments in public places.  Same-sex marriage  Kaine became a supporter of same-sex marriage in 2013.  He campaigned against an amendment to the Virginia constitution that banned any legal recognition of same-sex relationships.  Kaine signed the amicus brief to the Supreme Court that claimed the Defense of Marriage Act was unconstitutional.  Kaine opposes defining traditional marriage.  Kaine opposed gay adoption in 2005, then endorsed it in 2011.  He favors protecting the “gender identity” of LGBT students in schools.  Education  Kaine supports Common Core education standards.  Kaine opposes school choice via vouchers.  Kaine opposes charter schools.  As governor, he eliminated all funds for abstinence-only sex education.  Trade  Kaine voted for the “fast track” bill protecting trade agreements from Senate filibusters.  Kaine says he will vote for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal if it comes with a worker retraining measure.  Perhaps the most revealing items in Kaine’s political career were his formative experiences under the tutelage of Marxists revolutionaries in Latin America and his more recent associations in Washington with radical Muslims.  Marxist mentors  On Sept. 2, the New York Times published a lengthy piece titled, “In Honduras, a spiritual and political awakening for Tim Kaine,” intended to show how his purported politics of compassion was grounded in faith when the then-22-year-old traveled to Honduras to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries, as civil wars raged through Central America.  What it showed instead was the roots of Kaine’s radicalism and a politics grounded in communist ideology. And what it neglected to mention was his mentors were mainstream Marxists virulently opposed to the United States.  The Times reported, “Mr. Kaine embraced an interpretation of the gospel, known as liberation theology, that championed social change to improve the lives of the downtrodden.” However, as an ambassador to the U.N. Commission on Human Rights, former Secretary of State of Ohio and Cincinnati Mayor Ken Blackwell of the Family Research Council pointed out in an article in the Hill on Sept. 9:  “This (liberation theology) wasn’t mainstream ‘Catholic thought’ at the time. It was a radical, Marxist-based ideology at odds with the Church, the pope, and the United States, but supportive of (and supported by) the Soviet Union.”  Blackwell further observed, “Journalistic and academic research has now shown that Liberation Theology itself was quite possibly a product of a Kremlin disinformation campaign designed to undermine the Church and bring Catholic countries into the Soviet sphere. The top-ranking Soviet Bloc defector of the Cold War, Gen. Ion Pacepa admits that he was personally involved in the operation.”  The Times piece also failed to set the context of the times, when a newly elected President Reagan set out to finally confront Soviet expansionism in Latin America, where the communist empire had made significant gains, particularly in El Salvador and Nicaragua.  Instead, the paper implicitly pointed an accusatory finger at the United States, reporting how the experience “gave Mr. Kaine a new, darker view of his own country’s behavior. ‘It was a very politicizing experience for me because the U.S. was doing a lot of bad stuff,’ he said. ‘It made me very angry. I mean I still feel it.'”  So, Kaine’s formative political experience was anger at the United States for fighting communist expansion in its neighbors to the South.  The Times revealed how Kaine came to see the forces of democracy as the bad guys, as, “His mentors in the priesthood had also urged him to be wary of friendly American faces.”  However, as Blackwell noted, the Times failed to reveal just how radical were “Kaine’s Soviet sympathizing mentors.”  How radical?  One of those mentors, Father Jack Warner, said “the gospel is an extremely communist document.”  The Times further reported, “During a short stay in Nicaragua, Mr. Kaine looked up an American, the Rev. James Carney, known there as Guadalupe, who had been exiled from Honduras in 1979, in part for adopting an extreme view of liberation theology that supported the taking up of arms against military oppressors.”  Blackwell asked, just how hardcore were Kaine’s Jesuit teachers?  “Well,” he wrote, “around the time Kaine was there, Jesuits were arrested for gunrunning, and, the next year, the Honduran government banned any more American Jesuits from coming to that country because of their left-wing activism.”  Blackwell called Carney a “full-blown revolutionary” and noted the Times reported he was who “Kaine sought out across the border in Soviet-supported Nicaragua, taking a bus and then walking several miles to meet him.”  Carney was apparently killed in a firefight with Honduran troops that invaded the country “to bring the Nicaraguan Communist revolution there too. The insurgents were Cuban and Nicaraguan trained and led by Jose Reyes Mata, Cuban-educated, and Honduras’ top Marxist. Reyes Mata had previously served with Che Guevara in Bolivia.”  And, Blackwell noted, Kaine “didn’t seem bothered by Carney’s participation in a Communist-sponsored insurgency and invasion of Honduras.”  “But his relationship with Carney’s successor, Father Melo, continues in the open. Melo, incidentally, wants to redistribute land throughout Latin America by 2021,” added Blackwell.  How does Kaine view his Latin American experience, to this day?  The Times reported, upon settling in Richmond, Virginia, “Mr. Kaine told his pastor that his exposure to liberation theology had ‘changed him, it deepened him.'”  Islamist affiliations  Also “deep” are Kaine’s ties to Islamic radicals in the United States, particularly in his home state of Virginia.  The man who could become a heartbeat from the presidency has developed close associations with numerous Muslim extremists over the last decade and the course of his political career.  2016  In February, Kaine participated in a groundbreaking ceremony for the expansion of a worship center for the All Dulles Area Muslim Society, or ADAMS, in Virginia. He also attended a meeting sponsored by ADAMS five months later.  Middle East expert Clare Lopez of the Center for Security Policy told WND in 2014 that ADAMS is headed by an imam named Muhammad Magid, who “is the son of the Muslim Brotherhood’s grand mufti of Sudan. He is also the president of something called ISNA, Islamic Society of North America, the largest Muslim Brotherhood front group in the country. And, ISNA is an unindicted co-conspirator in the 2008 Holy Land Foundation Hamas terror funding trial.”  Magid had accused the Bush administration of waging a “war against Islam and Muslims.”  The imam was named to Obama’s Department of Homeland Security in 2011, and, according to the group Discover the Networks, “persuaded DHS to erase from its ‘Countering Violent Extremism’ curriculum any suggestion that Muslim terrorism draws its inspiration from the laws and doctrines of Islam.”  Lopez told WND that Magid became the closest adviser for Obama’s National Security Council.  2011-12  ISNA and the Council on American-Islamic Relations, or CAIR, donated $4,300 to Kaine’s Senate campaign.  CAIR has numerous ties to extremist Islamic organizations, including the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas.  Ibrahim Hooper Spokesperson for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR)  CAIR’s radical Islamic vision was evidenced when co-founder Omar Ahmad said in 1998: “Islam isn’t in America to be equal to any other faith, but to become dominant. The Quran … should be the highest authority in America, and Islam the only accepted religion on Earth.”  CAIR co-founder Ibrahim Hooper has said if Muslims ever become a majority in the United States, they will likely seek to replace the U.S. Constitution with Islamic law.  CAIR was named as an unindicted co-conspirator in a criminal conspiracy to support both Hamas and the Holy Land Foundation in 2007.  CAIR claims U.S. foreign policy is dictated largely by Zionist extremists.  2012  Kaine attended the Dar al-Hijrah, or DAH, Islamic Center’s annual banquet.  A 2002 document from Customs and Border Protection described DAH as “a front for Hamas operatives in U.S.” A 2007 document said DAH “has been linked to numerous individuals linked to terrorism financing.”  The DAH imam from 2001 to 2002 was Anwar al-Awlaki, who became a senior al-Qaida operative and planner of terrorist operations. He was killed by a CIA drone strike in Yemen in 2011.  The DAH imam from 1995 to 1999 was Mohammed al-Hanooti, who preached that Allah would “curse” the U.S., U.K., and “the Jews” for airstrikes on Iraq.  2007  Then-governor of Virgina Kaine chose former DAH vice president, and then-Muslim American Society, or MAS, president, Esam Omeish to serve on the state’s Immigration Commission.  Even a Muslim organization against Islamism criticized the appointment and cited a reckless lack of vetting.  According to the Clarion Project, “When a state delegate wrote a letter to then-Governor Kaine warning him that the MAS has ‘questionable origins,’ a Kaine spokesperson said the charge was bigotry.”  “MAS, like the Muslim Brotherhood, wishes to see the United States governed by Shariah, or Islamic law,” according to Discover the Networks.  In 2008, federal prosecutors said MAS was “founded as the overt arm of the Muslim Brotherhood in America.” U.S. Muslim Brotherhood member and convicted terrorist Abdurrahman Alamoudi testified in 2012, “Everyone knows that MAS is the Muslim Brotherhood.”  Omeish served for two years on the national board of ISNA; was a member of the board of Islamic American University, led by Hamas financier and Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yousef Al-Qaradawi; and was chairman of the board for the Islamic Center of Passaic County, a New Jersey mosque with heavy terrorist ties and an imam facing deportation for links to Hamas.  The Clarion Project reported, “Omeish resigned under heavy pressure, and Kaine acknowledged that his statements ‘concerned’ him. But, apparently, they didn’t concern him enough to actually learn about the Muslim Brotherhood network in his state and to take greater precautions in the future.”  2007  Kaine gave the keynote speech at the MAS Freedom Foundation’s “Standing for Justice Dinner.”  2005  MAS backed Kaine in the Virginia governor race.  July 23, 2016  Hillary Clinton picked Tim Kaine as her running mate.
 "For more than a year, Hillary Clinton has laid out an ambitious agenda to improve the lives of the American people and make our country stronger and safer"  Ambitious agenda? Her platform is to continue doing what is destroying this country, only faster. As Homer Simpson says, there's the right way, and the wrong way, and Hillary's way is the wrong way, only faster.  When conducting a campaign, you can: a) Talk about your platform, b) Attack the other guy's platform, c) Talk up your candidate, or d) Attack the other candidate. Hillary's campaign can't talk her up, can't really get anyone excited with her platform of global trade, incessant wars, class and race war, and invasion of America by Muslims. All that's left for her is to attack Trump, and unfortunately for this incompetent, corrupt, felonious traitor, that yields diminishing returns.
 There's a movie out called "Hillary's America" by Dinesh D'souza, I highly recommend it. What can I tell you that isn't already out there for most to see. I like the part where she called out Alex Jones by name (infowars.com) That website has been crashing the narrative and debunking false flags in realtime, believe it our not gov'ts around the world listen to Alex Jones because he puts out the truth.  drudgereport.com infowars.com PEPE!!!!!!! TRUMP review image
 It's a fairy tale full of fictional characters and centers around a luciferian demon hell bent on global domination. review image
 The enormity of crimes Hillary has committed is beyond belief, and I never thought it would come to pass in this country that anyone would ever be allowed to be "above the law", but it has finally happened. The New World Order insists this has to be the way it goes, but I myself am holding out hope that this country isn't completely crewed yet ...
 Completely without valid content. Basically, empty dreaming from totally unqualified people. Just a pathetic rhetoric of liberal viewpoints with no solid comments, just pie in the sky rambling.  Use it to light your bbq. review image
 Amazon censored my last review of this execrable 'book." You can't blame Amazon: I suppose the would-be Dear Leader mandated this. Censored or not, you don't need Hillary's thick glasses to see this is the worst book ever ghost written for the worst candidate ever to run for President, and the worst human ever to draw a breath for whom no photograph in Nazi uniform is, so far, extant.
 Who wrote this tripe? This 'narrative' is nothing but a series of fantasies and lies designed to prop up Communist/Progressive ideology and destroy America from within. This isn't stronger together; it is the Clinton circus mantra "There's a sucker born, or illegally coming here, everyday!"
 Don't get the audio version... Hillary has a coughing fit every 5 minutes making it unbearable. review image
 The wood used to make this book came from Pinocchios' wooden nose. Clinton is the most dishonest & corrupt candidate in US history. I'm a progressive but NOTHING this wretched woman has done or will do is progressive. She's a corporate whore who has sold out to the rich & corporations. Her and her corrupt husband have amassed $300,000,000 since 2001 when they said they were "dead broke". They began selling access to the government to every psychopath in the US & the world. Their Clinton Foundation isn't a charity. It's a slush fund so corrupt people and foreign counties can give to the Clintons in exchange for her selling out our country.  This book wasn't written by Hillary Clinton. She has ghost writers write her books and fools lap them up. I got a copy of this book free from a friend who got tired of having it in her house. I read it and then threw it in the fire. It does burn well. It must be impregnated with oil from the fossil fuel industry that she is owned by.  Don't buy this book. It's just another collage of lies from the biggest liar on US history.
 Its already reported over FACEBOOK that any negative review of this book or its author would be punished.. jeez, as much money as I spend at amazon.. I don't think that would be a good idea.. Anyway, the book is crap, Clinton is using Kaine only because he use to head the dnc, and followers are needed since it came to light the DNC rigged the election for her.. The Democratic party has gone to dogs, and with the newest report of Dead People voting in Colorado.. as they did in Ohio and California.. We must realize its time to just close the party, and get it over with.. when you need to bring in the dead to support your campaign.. STRONGER together is an oxymoron, If the supporters, party or candidate has to cheat to win, together it only makes them stronger cheaters. review image
 This book is nothing but worthless drivel from a clearly damaged mind. review image
 Someone left this book in the men's room in my office. I read a little bit of it. They should have hired better ghost writers.  The fact that they are stronger together doesn't negate the fact that they are even worse than solo togethor. review image
 I was dead broke and couldn't afford to pay for this book, because like many common Americans I had two mansion mortgage payments to take care of.  Thankfully I realized that I could funnel money from my international charity to purchase myself a copy.  Diane Reynolds was super nice and helped me with my order, for some reason I also wound up buying some radar guidance systems for Chinese missiles, I'm not exactly sure how that was bundled into the book sale, but you never know when you're gonna need that.
 I was reading this book as a bedtime story for my pet frog Pepe, but it gave him nightmares. Not recommended for children our pet frogs.
 I'm glad that this book lays out a succession plan. Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine, Stronger Together. I mean, I know that the Constitution already lays out a succession plan for a presidential death or dismemberment, but in these days when the Constitution is more guidelines than actual rules, I'm glad to see that Hillary Clinton know that she will be a stronger candidate when she is elected alongside a candidate that she acknowledges should be the successor upon her death.
 I like to read books written by and about candidates. Unfortunately, this book appears to be a hastily thrown together, ghost written tribute to collectivism and statism and reveals Hillary's troubling ideology. Based on reading this book, American Evita, Unlimited Access, and Crisis of Character, I won't be voting for Hillary Clinton either. On the other hand, reading Trump's, The America We Deserve, gives me a much more favorable impression of him than is presented in the media. I'm not thrilled with either candidate but not voting may mean a vote for Hillary and therefore, I'll most likely vote for Trump. The debates are coming up though so we'll see.
 I'm actually a bit surprised that they kept any negative reviews.
 amazon tries to help Hillary's garbage? lost me as a customer.
 i don't need to read any more lies from this corrupt politician. she should be in jail. i have lost any faith i had in the honesty of the amazon ratings system, after seeing how negative reviews of this book have disappeared because of amazons liberal political views. ALL VERY SAD PATHETIC AND PREDICTABLE
 I was camping last week and forgot to bring a roll of toilet paper. My bad. Well, Benghazi Clinton's new self-serving piece of commie trash book - Stronger Together - sure came in handy. Someone had thoughtfully left me a copy in one of the trash barrels in the state park where I was camping out. The pages made pretty good toilet paper compared to the dead leaves blowing around. I would have given it more than one "Star." but book paper just can't replace gool ole' soft American made toilet paper. If this commie bitch wins, I guess we will all be using her books for TP someday as she will take this country right into a Soviet Union State where their unfortunate citizens did, indeed, have to use books as TP back then because you had to stand in mile-long lines for the real, although scratchy stuff. Come to think of it, that is the current situation in communist Venezuela. All hail the messenger of communism, Karl Marx, May Peace and Blessings be upon HIM.................
 If Hillary Clinton had taken the time and energy to have her ghostwriter script some information about her battle with 3rd stage Parkinson's she might have had a winner of a book. Instead, we are treated to more of the same repeat of history that this woman has been sharing with us for a number of years. The American people can see how sick Hillary is, her coughing fits have lasted the better part of a year, and everyone saw her COLLAPSE on 9/11 in the famous video shot by Zdenek Gazda, which exposed to the world a woman who couldn't stand up of her own volition, her frailty made us understand what the title of her book, STRONGER TOGETHER, really means. Hillary could have made good use of this moment by admitting, publicly, her grave illness, Americans would understand and embrace her, her strongest moments have been when she has allowed the nation to see her vulnerability: Hillary could have gotten us to vote for her if for no other reason than sympathy. But, instead, Hillary Clinton chose to lie to us, yet again. First it was heat~exhaustion, then it was dehydration, then it was pneumonia, then it was the flu. The truth, is probably somewhat darker and more sinister, an illness that many have deduced from looking at her and her demeanor; for what else are we to study if we are to make an analysis of her condition if she refuses to be forthcoming? Hillary Clinton was given an opportunity to come clean and to face her supporters and detractors and to make new allies by trusting us, the voters with the truth. That opportunity has been waylaid and this book tells us nothing new, shares nothing personal: Everything it has to say can be read on her website.  I love Hillary Clinton. She was a great inspiration to me in years past, but her sell~by~date has long since expired. It is time to allow some fresh blood into the party. Someone new and exciting. That might have been Bernie Sanders, but the DNC conspired with Hillary to keep the man from winning the nomination. When Debbie Wasserman Schultz was forced to step down because her biases became all too glaringly clear (we can thank wikileaks for exposing those emails), Hillary did what she could to aid and abet her soldier; she offered DWS a position in her campaign. Those of us who were rooting for Sanders were not pleased. Not one little bit.  Today, we are at a crossroads: Clinton's lack of transparency in the public arena and via this newest book show us that she can no longer be trusted. The choices have been made simple. There is, but, one alternative: For the first time in my life, I'll be voting for the Republican nominee to be our newest President.
 ***Server Wiped***
 Between Suicide, Auto Wreck, and Heart Attack, I'll choose auto wreck, but I'll still give this pile of poo a horrible rating.  #DontKillMeHillary
 Jam packed full of lies! Amazing that there actually are more lies than words in this book. The Clintons are evil people. Never has there been a better example of elitism, racism and Nazi like propaganda than this work of wrought fiction. I view Hillary's supporters as my enemies, they are a direct threat to the survival of my family, community and nation. I pray Hillary loses big, and she and her rapist pervert husband are forced to go into exile in total disgrace. AMAZON - GO AHEAD AND DELETE MY POST, I WILL BE COMING BACK EVERY DAY TO REPOST!
 I don't generally take my advice about how to be "Stronger Together" from someone who seeks to divide and conquer through class warfare through their nefarious ambition to become the Divider-in-Chief, but when I do, it's because the newest Clinton book needs to be read and put in its place.  As for the book, if you've ever wanted to gaze into the depths of insanity and hypocrisy, look no further than this abomination. It's quite interesting seeing how every sentence is masterfully and misleadingly worded used to lull the audience into a false feeling of self-improvement. After reading the book, I would highly advise burning the book with some sage, as you may experience demonic phenomenon in your house should the book remain there longer than 3 AM on the sixth night after purchase.
 Only thing stronger together about this book and its so called author is the amount of smelly crappola coming from the pages. Nice Nazi salutes on the cover though. How appropriate
 When reading this book, I was reminded of Soviet Propaganda directly from Tass during the Cold War. Having a book written by HRC (who can't take responsibility for serious breaches in National Security that was her illegal email servers as well as dressing like Chairman Mao) and Tim Kaine (who in the early 1980s spend time in Nicaragua promoting Pro-Soviet ideals) pretty much sums this book up. They should have gotten Donald Trump to write a forward to the book so I could dislike it further. Books published during election cycles are nothing more than an extended diatribe against their opponents while at the same time making themselves look like the second coming of of Thomas Jefferson or Abe Lincoln. Buy this book only if you need kindling... review image
 If I could post 1/4 star, I would. Does one believe that Hillary and Tim actually wrote this book? Why write it? The Clinton Foundation wasn't producing enough cash lately?
 I read this book standing up in a book store. The best thing about Hillary is that she is sneaky. The worst thing about her is she is so damn bad at it.
 I tried to read it. After about the second page I began to spasm wildly. I fouled myself and collapsed into a coma for two weeks. I have since been diagnosed with pneumonia.
 Do not waste your money on this Marxist propaganda drivel. If you want a good fiction novel try Liberty's Last Stand. In Liberty's Last Stand the Democrats eventually eat their own, which is what all fascists eventually do, although not before they commit genocide in the name of their tyranical platform.
 I bought this book for my wife, who was so disgusted by the lack of substance and over bearing subject matter that we now use it to balance out a table on the back porch.
 I can't wait for the follow up book " deleting emails for dummies "
 Written (allegedly) by two people not to be trusted. No clear plans to anything, just mud slinging. Please save your money. If you truly want to support Hillary donate to her foundation. 99% of all contributions go into her back accounts.
 I think Mr. Bezos (Hillary acolyte) and the team at Amazon got around to reading this book. They must have found the section on deleting messages helpful, as they deleted my previous review. Guess what? It's still a horrible book, except for the Sieg Heil on the cover by Herr Kane!
 Why are we forced to give even one star? I am about 2/3 through reading the book and I actually don't think I have run into a single true comment, fact, statement yet. Having investigated the Clintons since the `80s, well before the existence of the public Internet I have a very good understanding of just how criminal and deadly the Clintons are. This book would be laughable if it wasn't for the fact there are Americans that might actually vote for this woman. An orange jumpsuit always comes to mind when I think of the near term future for Hillary. The book is a joke.
 Amazon would have to pay me to read this filth
 I didn't get the feeling that anyone, except Hill-a-beanary and her cohorts, can be stronger together. This is a bunch of whitewash. Don't buy it, don't do it.
 This is how her ghostwriter should have asked for help in Reedit about how to write a decent book. Very boring and souless as Hillary herself.
 I decided to not buy it because I figured it must be picture book. Since so many of her supporters spend so much of their lives rioting, looting and killing each other that they just don't have time to learn to read.
 My grandma bought this book, and I read most of it while visiting her. My grandma is a life long Democrat and was planning to vote for Hillary. So after I read it I asked her what she thought of the book, she said "I'm voting for Trump"! As I read it I couldn't help but think that it was ghost written by Johnathan Gruber.
 It jumped right off the shelf and beat it to death. We need better Book Control Laws and we need them now! review image
 This book is getting one star reviews because of a video. At this point what difference does it make?
 I borrowed this book from a libtard friend who actually bought this book at a huge discount from Amazon.  As soon as I opened to the first page I immediately had a siesure.  Now, if anyone asks me a question, my only coherent response is "I do not recall. "  I have an appointment this Monday to visit with my ACA Approved primary care physician. That means I've go to make a co-payment in the amount of $75 and pay my deductible of $12,000 before Dr. will write me a prescription that my ACA approved policy does not cover, therefore, I'll need to fork out $569 for a 10 day supply.
 I am waiting for the email edition...unless she deleted it
 Hillary Clinton should be trifled and go to jail!
 I read a couple of chapters at a bookstore at an airport yesterday. Absolutely boring book full of nonsensical platitudes and nothing substantive.
 Garbage. Only buy this book if you think Crooked Hillary didn't already make enough bribe money selling out the USA.
 Nothing worth reading. HRC specializes in lies and platitudes, so what else can you expect from a book like this?
 It would make a good drink coaster, if not for the fact that I already bought Bernie's Outsider in the White House for like a dollar. My advice, wait till november when you can get these at Goodwill next to the Kaepernick jerseys.
 This book is perfect. My cat needed her litter box lifted, it was the perfect height. The pages soaked up urine with ease.
 Borrowed this from a co-worker who is a huge Hillary nut. It's terrible. Even if you're a Clinton supporter, any of her earlier books had far more effort put into their creation. The ghostwriter on this one clearly just mailed it in.
 Since Hillary has never told the truth I know without reading the book that there is no truth in it, so I gave it a 1 star. But, it deserves a 5 star because at some point you be able to buy these books for less than the cost of toilet paper at Costco and the pleasure received by using them as such can't not be overstated!
 Read it... I wouldn't have even given this book ONE star if I didn't have to. This book is horrible. We know her history.. as 1st lady and as SOS. She completely embellished on "accomplishments" that aren't even note worthy.  Sorry folks. This book definitely DOES NOT change my mind as far as election goes. If anything it did quite the opposite. Just goes to show how phony she really can be.  Btw: SHAME ON YOU AMAZON FOR TRYING TO MANIPULATE THE REVIEWS BY DELETING COMMENTS!! YOU WON'T GET ANOTHER DIME FROM ME!!
 Id rather read a book on how to be weaker together written by a strong, honest person.
 Amazon has been busy with the comments. Just like Hillary with her emails (DELETE, DELETE, DELETE, DELETE, DELETE)
 The most dishonest book I have ever read.
 Well, I'm disappointed. This doesn't tell me how to create a faux charitable foundation and then use it for money laundering. It doesn't tell me how to convince Wall Street bankers and Arab despots to give me money. It doesn't tell me how to off people who might hinder my criminal ambitions or testify against me should I ever be charged with a felony and make it look like a suicide or accident. This book is totally worthless, because anybody who is stupid enough to believe its content is probably unable to read at all.
 I read Crisis of Character instead (great book btw) and it backed up my original opinion that hill and bill are both lying crooks!
 I tried making it through this book, but for some reason it gave me a terrible fit of uncontrollable coughing. Once I put it down, everything was back to normal. I am however now inspired to set up my own foundation for fun and profit.
 Just more socialist trash.
 I gave this 2 stars because it actually was quite useful, once shredded, to use as litter for my pet rabbit's cage. Other than that, I can only recommend it to use as fire starting material should one find them self stranded on a desert island with only a basketball for a companion.
 What happens when the owner of Amazon is a Hillary Troll? The same thing that happens when the 7th largest donor to Clinton is a media outlet. CNN to be specific. There were 2000 reviews of this book. The overwhelming number 1 star but Amazon founder and future ambassador to England if Hillary wins has ordered most reviews deleted in hope of pimping Hillary to the masses. Problem is even most of the 5 star ratings are only done so not to be deleted. All I can say is there is a reason her campaign and plane have no red white and blue only the pale blue of the United Nations. Your smart, you to the math
 i gave this book one star only because Amazon wouldn't let me review it at zero stars.....I didn't buy it here, but i borrowed it from a friend... Well actually they are an ex-friend now for recommending that i read this 'book'... I find out now that he was trying to be funny....Now i call it a book only because it is bound like a book and it cost money, (which again i didn't pay for it) That's the second reason i'm giving it one star....
 It is common practice for a political candidate to use a 'ghost writer' for books like this. What makes 'Stronger Together' unique is that the Clinton's have clearly used a 'dead writer.' The author of this book was actually deceased at the time. Maybe one of Clinton's victims? Maybe this was outsourced to a low-cost corpse in Asia to increase profits? Who knows, but the one dimensional hackneyed propaganda lies on each page like a cool, dead flounder. And 'lies' was not an accidental pun, this snooze-fest of neo-liberal nonsense is devoid of truth or logic. Goerbels meets 'Weekend at Bernie's.'
 I've written many hundreds of Amazon reviews, and this will be my last if the fascist Jeff Bezos censors it. Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane are the worst set of running mates ever competing for the presidency of the US. Civil war would be a far better solution than a continuation of the racism and Globalism of the Obama administration.
 Blatantly plagiarized from Stronger with Pepe
 Hey amazon watch your step. When a publically traded company enters the the political fray, at least half of your CUSTOMERS will get pissed. BTW tried reading a few pages at a local B&N. Not very interesting and surely not worth the $9.95 and free shipping.
 I was looking for a book that had all of the wonderful accomplishments of Mrs. Clinton and all of the reasons why someone should vote for her. It arrived and I hurriedly opened package and sat down. Looked at the nice cover with Kaine and Unable and then opened up the book and found all of the pages were blank? I guess the author couldn't find one accomplishment in her life or a reason for someone to vote for her. By the way nice picture of Kaine giving the Nazi salute. He must of been taught that by the DNC. I suggest you save your money on this book and instead donate it to the Clinton Foundation where at least Bill can use the money in the Caribbean buying child prostitutes.
 I will save the Hillary is a lying cheating dishonest thief because it doesn't really explain my reasoning for disliking her.  Bottom line if you vote for Hillary you think she knows better than you about what you should spend your money on, how you are able to protect yourself, what your kids should learn, what car you should drive, what light bulbs you can use.  She will dictate to you what your morals should be. She will kill the golden goose job creators.  Anyone who thinks empowering the government more with its track record is insane.  Also why do they even write books?... Democrats don't read. They watch the Kardashians.
 Very little content and lots of liberal opinions. I'd rather eat sugar free gummy bears than read this drivel again!
 I guess most of the reviews were deleted sort of like Hillary's e-mails. I guess we know what side Amazon is on. If they are rigging this for her this will be my last year of Amazon Prime.After all, when everyone slammed the banana slicer Amazon didn't care. I don't know how Hillary can write a book anyway when every time she is under oath she doesn't recall, forgot, or was suffering from a head injury.
 Wow, to call this a book is an insult to real book authors everywhere. This act of literary terrorism should be recategorized as an electioneering pamphlet since it reads like propaganda. Had to stop reading after the first chapter.
 I see that she claims to have been a public servant. I am amazed that she worked as a policewoman, EMT, firefighter, postal worker, road grader driver, teacher, custodian, clerk, librarian, and others. I always thought she was in politics. I guess some people don 't know the difference between a public servant and a politician. The Ted Kennedy was the first to get the two confused, but as she is an admirer I see she has fully endorsed his interpretation of public servant.
 Funny how amazon.com deleted 1200 1 Star reviews to get this book from 1 Star to 2.5 Stars. It's similar to how Hillary beat Bernie in CA, 65% to 35%, even though CA was Bernie's strongest state. The Globalist Party, formerly known as the Democrat Party, should be ashamed for running a half dead grandma under criminal investigations for President.
 This creature has developed lying, cheating, stealing and killing to a whole new level. Anything she has ever been associated with is corrupted by her presence. If she and her crime family--including the current liar-in-chief--manage to steal this election, our grandchildren will spend their lives in slavery. She is disgusting and evil, and surrounds herself with minions who are like her.
 Hey, weren't there like 2000+ negative reviews on this trash? Hmmm, where'd they all go Amazon? What does Hillary have on you?
 A tech specialist working on Hillary Clinton’s emails — who invoked his Fifth Amendment right not to testify before Congress — pleaded for help from the tech community on how to do the job, according to a report Tuesday.  “Hello all,” said a 2014 post on reddit by someone identifying himself as stonetear.  “I may be facing a very interesting situation where I need to strip out a VIP’s (VERY VIP) email address from a bunch of archived email that I have both in a live Exchange mailbox, as well as a PST file. Basically, they don’t want the VIP’s email address exposed to anyone.”  The post concludes, “Does anyone have experience with something like this, and/or suggestions on how this might be accomplished?”  Another one reads: “I have a client who wants to push out a 60 day email retention policy for certain users … How would I go about this?”  The posts have since been deleted.
 After reading a news report about Amazon shamelessly deleting and manipulating its reviews for this book I had to come check it out for myself. I have never read this book and do not plan to but the reviews alone are one of the best reads I've had in a very very long time! I've never been more proud of my fellow Americans. Fight the power. Continue to post your reviews daily if necessary until the election and let your voice be heard!!! For the record I wouldn't even wipe my ass with the pages of this book if it was the last paper left in an apocalypse.
 I like spending money at Amazon and I think they provide a great service, but if Amazon decides to back one of the most corrupt politicians in the history of this great country, I will have no choice but to spend my money elsewhere. As for Hilary Clinton's book...I would rather chew on a ball of tin foil than read whatever lies she has chosen to foist upon us.
 Amazon is removing negative reviews of this book. Last week there were well over 1000 reviews and the book had an average 1 star rating. Amazon is censoring reviews and removing bad ones to make the average review look better. Shame on Amazon. Anyway, I read this book and it is as boring and vapid as she is, so no surprise there.
 worst book ever written
 This book gave me the Zika virus. review image
 Why do I have this image of Kane holding someone's arms back while Hillary works that someone over?
 Downloaded a Kindle version on my PC, and now my computer has pneumonia. I may have to put it down...perhaps if I shipped it to Benghazi, they would do that little chore for me? How is her nose not 15 feet long by now, if Pinocchio's nose is any indicator? This is pure dreck, should be in the "Fiction" category, not autobiographies.  I gave it a one star rating, because Anazon doesn't allow fractionals...otherwise, I'd have rated it a .0000001 star. She's a liar, a thief, and a manipulator, much like her boss George Soros.
 Stupid thing, won't even burn properly
 Bought this book a week ago because I have a strong interest in learning what it takes to buy the FBI. I also hoped this fine piece of literature contained instructions on how to purchase a U.S. presidency built on lies and corruption, or get away with murder, but I ended up having to reallllly read between the lines. Guess I'll stick to "At Night She Cries, While He Rides His Steed". Also, I like how Amazon is now suggesting I purchase a bulletproof vest.
 Keep trying to polish this t-u-r-d Amazon (Bezos). The manipulation EVERYWHERE to get this witch elected is astounding. NOTHING is to be trusted anymore. I'm beginning to get the feeling of what it must be like to live in a country where freedom simply does not exist and where the rich and powerful control (or attempt to) the other 99%. Keep deleting negative reviews if it makes you feel better and suits your agenda.
 Reads like a teleprompter campaign speech. Full of hope and change type language. Short on life history and facts.
 Hillary Clinton is a puppet for the Saudis and George Soros. I just pray to God that she does not get into the WH! America will be on a fast-forward spiral downward...finishing up Obama's destruction.
 Nothing Hillary says or writes resonates with 'the people'. It is very obvious and people all know that Hillary will say one thing and then the opposite the next hour just to ponder. Hillary has no principle or any position. The book reeks of hypocracy.
 I really tried to read this, I really did, but I couldn't get past the cover picture of Shrill and her manboy Kaine. As I considered gouging my eyes out with a sharpened teaspoon, I pondered: "Will Jim Foster be voting for Hillary in November?"  My guess is yes, because he supports all of her platforms that she hasn't announced yet. Besides, he's only been dead for a couple decades so is probably still on the voter rolls in Illinois or one of those other ethical places.
 Reading this book was like getting a root canal without Novocain. The truth is I couldn't read the entire thing. Afterwards when I was looking at the reviews for this book I read one saying Amazon has manipulated the number of reviews for this book to make it not look as bad as it is. The fact is, it is as bad as I and a majority of reviewers have said it is. Changing the numbers cannot change the facts. Please be honest with us your loyal customers.
 I am a Democrat and I wish I really, really, wish I could be a Hillary supporter. However, this book would have been an excellent place for her to explain what happened at Benghazi when Ambassador Chris Stevens and three security contractors lost their lives.  Since she didn't address this act of war against an American ambassador and three of his associates and what she was doing at the time, I'm sorry, I just can't support her or endorse her book.  BZZZZT. One star.
 Horrible. This book does not seem to match the reality of the race baiting, unhealthy, untruthful, Hillary. Every issue she address has a racial spin. She is not worthy of being president and perhaps should be in prison.
 From the first page I knew -- this is just terrible.
 I borrowed this book and well there is a lot Missing! I was reading on a website wikileaks that hillary possibly sold weapons to the the enemy . And false news and the clinton news network said a gun from arizona was used in the Paris terror attack ! I was hoping to be informed if this was part of the lot Hillary Possibly could of sold! I guess i will have to wait for the website wikileaks to update. SAD !
 “I was going to read this book … I really was. But just as I got started, I found myself under sniper fire, passed out, and fell and hit my head. After that I got double vision and had to wear glasses that were so damn thick I couldn’t even see to read. As if that wasn’t enough, I then had an allergic reaction to something and started coughing so hard I spit out what looked like a couple of lizard’s eyeballs, my limbs locked up, and I passed out and fell down again, waking up only to find out I had been diagnosed with pneumonia 2 days earlier. Somehow I managed to power through it all, but it’s a good thing I was able to make a small fortune on this random small trade in the commodities market (cattle futures or some such thing) and then, miracle of all miracles, a few banks offered me a few million to just talk to their employees for a few minutes – and all that really helped out because I swear I was dead broke and couldn’t figure out how I was gonna come up with the 6 bucks to pay for this book, let alone pay the $1,500 for my health insurance this month. I still want to read it, but, honestly, what difference at this point does it make? I hear it sucks anyway.”
 This book is really bad. Mind numbing bad. I mean really, really bad. But on a positive note, it's still better than "It Takes A Village"!
 Thinking Americans are aware how completely corrupt and incompetent Hillary Clinton is, but most don't know much about Tim Kaine, other than he has a reputation as a "conservative Democrat." The fact is Kaine's philosophy is more Marxist than Conservative.  On Sept. 4 the New York Times reported that during his year (he took a year off from college to work wth Jesuit missionaries) in Honduras, Kaine embraced the "liberation theology" of the Latin American radicals and revolutionaries of the 80s. The article adds this was a radical Marxist-based ideology at odds with the Church, the Pope and the United States, but supportive of the Soviet Union.  Academic and journalistic research has since shown that Liberation Theology was the product of a Soviet disinformation campaign in Catholic countries. Top-ranking Soviet bloc defector Gen. Ion Pacepa admitted to personal involvement in the operation.  Another reason to be wary of Kaine is that he has consistently supported Obama's failed foreign policy.
 Trash
 Not a "book" at all, but a rather long and boring campaign speech.
 This is the first book in what will be a trio. The next one will be titled; Lust and Devotion, My 40 Year Relationship with George Soros. The third and final book will be titled, A Psychopath's Rise to Power, the Story of Hillary and Bill Clinton!
 I have seldom read anything that panders to such a low mean intelligence. Clinton and Kaine must assume we don't live in the real world and can be manipulated as easily as young children (below the age of 10, let's say).  One thing the book did accomplish for me was to finalize my decision: I will never vote for Hillary and my previous ambivalence about Trump's personality attributes is mostly resolved.  I hope this is her "swan song" and her voice will no longer assault us in public spaces.
 They should've titled this book "Stronger Without Her." She should've used this space to apologize to the families of the people who died on her watch. She could've offered some explanations for why she falls down all the time, or even more excuses for all of the damage she's done to countries around the world -- BUT NO! Instead, she fills the pages with lies and promises that she can never keep!  She hasn't fixed anything YET - and her book offers nothing more. Spend your money on something worth a few bucks. This was a waste of my time.
 It is best described as turgid. Also, given Hillary's recent collapse on 9/11 and other signs of neurological disorders, the title "Stronger Together" packs a heaping helping of irony.
 I thought about buying this book, but after reading such reviews decided, its probably another ploy at getting votes, much like the obamaster used to get elected. Hope you liberals wake TF up this time!!!!
 A thoroughly unenjoyable romp that, not surprisingly, avoids all of the subjects any reader would actually enjoy learning more about. For example:  1) Is Bill still "dickin bimbos" behind her back as alleged by Colin Powell? 2) What fake name did Obama use when emailing her on her unclassified server - and why did he lie about doing so? 3) What are the odds of her living 4 more years with all of her mysterious health issues? 4) What fell out of her pant leg when she passed out and had to be carried to her motorcade during 9/11 memorial? 5) Why does her foundation accept money from countries that oppress women, gays, and minorities? 6) Why do so many people involved in investigations of her suddenly die under bizarre circumstances? 7) Why would she pick a VP candidate she called a "terrible choice" in her own book about 2008 campaign?  I probably would not recommend this one, folks.
 If I could give "0" stars I would. This trash masquerading as a book has to be the single biggest piece of propaganda ever written. I can imagine that whoever actually wrote this book is some bow-tied, bumkissing intern somewhere who wants to climb the progressive, ultra-left political ladder. They were told what to write from start to finish. This book is a hailmary attempt to "inspire" the not-very-bright among us to help resuscitate a failed campaign by the most corrupt presidential candidate in history. File under: fireplace kindling.
 I was given this book by my neighbor because they couldn't stand reading it. Now I see why they passed it on to me. I will not bother anyone with giving it away. In the trash it went with all the trash that was written in it should be . I'm neither a Clinton or a Trump fan but this book just made me lean towards being on the Trump wagon!!! Funny how these reviews are disappearing like those lost emails!!!! Stronger Together
 Reading though this book was a slog and detachment from reality. The missing chapters needed to fill in her perspective of Bill's bimbos, the Whitewater scandal, her lies, her lies, oh and... her lies.
 I actually tried to give it zero stars but Amazon won't let me. Total crap!
 I was expecting a tell all about Bill and and his mistresses. About how Hillary refused to send help to our Ambassador in Libya, but all I got was a poorly written propaganda piece worthy of Chairman Mao deplorable.
 Book comes with a free shirt. Has a bullseye on the front. Just put it on......Bang Bang.........Help!!!!! review image
 I wish the pages had been a little softer. They wouldn't have scratched my butt as I wiped my arse on this piece of crap they are calling truth. Not a word of it. Save your money unless you need toilet paper.
 A week ago there were almost 2000 reviews for this book. Well thought out and written reviews that explained how this book does not go into detail on how to set up a private sever, or get rich giving speeches and selling positions of power for donations. So Amazon altered the reviews and deleted a bunch. Anyone ever heard of newspeak? 1984? It's getting scary in this oligarchy we call America good luck everyone...
 I came here looking for a book about the United States European Command (EUCOM), and all I found was this hack of a rip-off book.  It seems the only thing HRC has done during her tenure as Secretary of State was to steal EUCOM's motto, "Stronger Together." No coincidence either that EUCOM's motto was coined about six months before, under the command of ADM Stavridis, just months before she committed gross negligence/manslaughter and sold out AMB Chris Stevens and our clandestine services operating in Libya, running weapons to daesh in Syria through the Muslim Brotherhood. If you're looking for a book about EUCOM in 2012, keep on looking, this is not the book for you.
 Perfect book for mindless humans who prefer socialism
 I am amazed at how bad this book is written. I have read 10's of thousands of books and this Is one of the worst written. No real person ahs ever bought this book. All copies are bought by the campaign and sent to the dumpster.
 Typical liberal big government BS from the Queen of Big government. It did help push me over to certainty in my voting choice. Trump
 This is a great book about Hillary Clinton if you want to read something that is wholly inaccurate and a giant lie of omission. This book highlights questionably accurate stories and anecdotes about Clinton without even once touching the many many corrupt schemes and illegal activities that she coordinates.  Save your money. Terrible and inaccurate book.
 I have personally seen the disaster that Russia has become. Look at Mexico, look at Cuba, look at any nation that has adopted the liberal policies that Clinton supports. It is clear from a reading of this book that Hillary's primary mission is to go to war against men. That is her passion. That is her reason for being. review image
 I borrowed this book from a disgusted friend who had purchased it, and I agree with just about everyone else who has reviewed it. I strongly doubt Clinton and Kaine had the time to write this themselves in the middle of a campaign, unless HIllary did it during her sick down time. It has nothing of substance to offer...just platitudes and, of course, an appeal for votes. She's not getting mine.
 As I thought about reading this book (not really) I decided my time would be better spent watching the movie version, Idiocracy with Luke Wilson. As I write this review I have now realized that I just blew the big secret that there was a movie version released some time ago. I'm sure that my suicide has now been scheduled by the Clinton Foundation. review image
 Frothy claptrap directed toward the 'low-information" voter. HIllary is not an outsider. She is the quintessential insider and has had a direct hand in steering this country in a dangerous direction. As the person responsible for much of the global chaos today she is hard pressed to offer any credible solutions.
 A little over 8 years ago I contributed to her campaign against Obama. Looking back now I just shake my head at how ignorant and gullible I was. Both of these people turned out to be nothing short than monsters set on the destruction of our once great nation. Evil has many names and two of them are Obama and Clinton.Now, barely able to stand,constantly coughing,eyes going askew,seizure having, psychopath Clinton, along with her, ha ha, running mate Kaine come out with this piece of utter garbage. Kaine, a nobody until now, is a globalist like his masters. He and Clinton want to eliminate all borders, cultural identities and most of all FREEDOM and the Constitutional rights bestowed to us by people far far wiser than them. There is no way she 'wrote' this book. She is a 70 year old, old woman who can't stand by herself, who lies constantly and who reallly and truly despises us, the common people. She and her running mate who will take over when she dies from all her crippling and chronic conditions, are the servants of people like billionaire George Soros who is one of those responsible for bringing islam here to destroy us and all Western culture. Our country has not been ours for a long time, the young have been brainwashed by the elite owned media, desensitized to violence and immorality, and made into raging zombies by these people. What is so scary is that good smart people can be totally taken in by this evil. I was but no longer thanks to the real true alt media such as Drudgereport, Breitbart, etc. This book is more of their poison, terribly written. Wake up! PS: noticed that if you try to read the reviews,amazon won't let you, just keeps showing the first 2 or 3 pages of reviews, even though there are hundreds of bad reviews for this really bad book by a really bad person.
 History has already proven that you can't believe or trust this woman, the same is true for this book...
 It was reported just days ago when the book was being savaged with negative reviews, with 81 percent one-star ratings and an average of only 1.7. Clinton supporters lashed out at “trolls” they said were criticizing the book only because they oppose the Democrat’s presidential candidacy. It was previously reported there were more than 1,200 reviews, and the number grew to than 2,000, but Thursday afternoon, there were only 255, with many of the most critical reviews removed. I love Amazon, and hope there is no political games occurring. I prefer honesty, even when it's painful. Really tied of the lies/scandals/cheating coming out of the Clinton camp and I hold everyone that lies/spins the truth for her, just as guilty.
 I'm giving it one star because I hate Hillary.  I know she hates this white boy.
 Stronger Together aka helping the one percent, wall street, greedy pharmaceutical companies, defense contractors, and the establishment. If you honestly believe Hillary and Tim will unite this country, you need to really wake up. Not only is Hillary mentally incompetent to run this country she is mentally unfit to write this book. As one who unfortunately read this book, a Hillary presidency will be exactly be like this book, one ran/written by someone else. Hillary barely wrote this book presumably because she was sick with some mysterious disease ( cough cough Parkinson's). It was mostly written by Tim Kaine who presumably would be leading this country if Hillary is elected because of her health. Hillary and Tim talk about how they will bring jobs back, bring savings to debt laden college students, and helping refugees and illegal immigrants all while not raising the 20 trillion national debt. I really find it interesting because its impossible to achieve any of those goals without raising more debt. I know Hillary was probably drugged when writing this but couldn't any of her 1,000 plus staff have reworded it to make it more realistic. Guess not, if she wants to become president. Anyways, save your hard earned and hard to come by money on something more pleasurable than this terrible book.
 Just more & more Lies!!! Why for Pete's sake doesn't she JUST RETIRE?!?!?!
 Like all of Red Witch's books, the titles show her essential dishonesty. We aren't stronger together or a village, we just want this woman off the political stage and back to baking cookies for her man. Or tending to her infirmities.
 This is some book. From cover to cover. It reaks of Clinton stench .Which ,as you know is another word for untruth. The Veep is a creep and a pawn. Spend a dollar on this or waste your time reading it. You are the biggest loser.
 It's a nauseating read and highlights just how insidious she is. She is a master manipulator for sure. I would love a woman president someday, but just NOT this woman.
 Sorry but this book is poorly written and edited. Its content leaves a lot of truth on the editing floor. In regards to Amazon "fixing" the book reviews by removing a majority of negative reviews to help a known political ally is downright disgusting and has made me lose respect and my future business in a company that apparently wants to play politics more than be a fair mechant for its customers.
 At this price I thought it would be a great deal on toilet paper. However, I soon developed pneumonia, Parkinson's, Turret's, selective memory loss, temper tantrums, abusive attacks on others, pathological liar's syndrome and was overcome by a wave of right wing conspiracy. I am still fighting these ailments and my medical costs have far outweighed the savings on this supposed bargain purchase. Avoid at all costs.
 All I know about it is that it did not sell well. It was a flop.  Then I read this article on WND linked via the Drudge Report. http://www.wnd.com/2016/09/amazon-steps-in-to-fix-hillary-book-review/  Is Amazon manipulating the reviews? Appears so. I respect Bezos and Amazon, but not as much a I did earlier today. Sad.
 My friend and I bought this book because Hillary is big supporter on enslaving women in the new world order! We thought it have a chapter two on this subject. She could of at least talked about how she plans to lower taxes on the middle class I would of loved that insight.
 Someone gave this book to me. Its a prescription for fascism, which, if you did not know, is private ownership of the means of production but effective government control of said means of production. I cut out the pages and put them on the bottom of the cage of my guinea pigs last night. This morning, they both had been shot in the back of the head.
 This book is full of lies. It attempts to recreate history and Hillary Clinton. It tries to make this career criminal and constant corrupt politician look goods. I really hope is is not true that Amazon is editing out posts in effort to make this book look like more folks like than dislike it.
 I would purchase, but that would make me an accessory in violating Federal Law: Citation: 18 U.S.C.S. § 3681 (Lexis 2000) History: Enacted in 1984. TITLE 18. CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE PART II. CRIMINAL PROCEDURE CHAPTER 232A. SPECIAL FORFEITURE OF COLLATERAL PROFITS OF CRIME 18 USCS § 3681 (2000)
 I had this book given to me by someone who bought it here. Sorry to say what a waste of time. Poorly written propaganda trash. Even pathetic democrats can't stomach themselves coming here to support this BS. What I find funny is they have been running mates for some short 3 or 4 months and they already have a book together. Please. I know democrats are stupid, but they don't even believe this crap.
 Wow.. what can I say.. Those Bill Clinton years as an INTERN were sensational. He taught me to really LOVE cigars if you know what I mean.  I remember when I first " met" Hillary.. all the employees rushed into their offices and locked their doors when they heard SHRIEKING and laughing and a brawl down the hallway.. It was Hillary arriving for the day.  I think Hillary as POTUS would be great for the DIAPER and Sniper industries.. she needs both to continue. review image  review image
 Hillary is the worst political hack this country has ever produced. Her book is a case study in communist propaganda and lies.
 This is sheer propaganda and contains no original material. The same material can easily be browsed via their campaign website and from talking points in the speeches Hillary has done where she has yet to contradict herself.  Repetitive, boring, uninspiring and void of any political philosophy or creative thought. Avoid at all hazards.
 I think there may be some lies in here.
 Based on the cover picture I thought it was about vomit. Turns out it is about two turds wanting to destroy America.
 The book was weak, and to be transparent, I graded it with a curve. Clinton supports "Sanctuary" cities protecting criminals and Timmy Kaine was a member of the Richmond City Council, which is the political equivalent of Saturday Night Live with Al Franken. I started to erase this book with a cloth, however, moments later I was being targeted with sniper fire (frantic eye roll)...
 The Name of the book should be changed to: Seditious Together.  The constitution of the United States of America makes it extremely clear what the general duties are of those whom govern over us:  1) Establish Justice. Hillary Clinton is against justice. Instead her book proves that her motive is to: Establish Social Equality which is an establishment that undermines justice and a president that did this would be seditious to her duties should she swear an oath to the United States Constitution.  2) Ensure Domestic Tranquility: Hillary Clinton is against tranquility, and instead, her book is a testament to her desire to Cause Domestic Anxiety by pitting blacks against whites, Immigrant against citizen, women against men, the sick against the healthy, the old against the young. Her insistence that we must all sacrifice to her demands that others be equal demonstrates that should she be president would make demands that generate domestic anxiety and thus be seditious to her duty to ensure tranquility.  3) Promote the General Welfare. Hillary Clinton prescribes solutions that do not advance the general prosperity of the United States, but instead, expand the entitlement society and the Welfare State. Her book is a testament to her desire to compromise the General Welfare of America in order to advance the Welfare Dependency state based upon her desire to undermine those who have been successful, which would destroy the opportunity ladder of America. As a matter of fact her husband has explicitly stated that "Hillary Wants to bring the totem pole (ladder of opportunity in America) crashing down so we can all be equal and "Move Forward Together". Her book is a testament that should she be elected she will be seditious against her duty to Promote the General Welfare.  4) Provide for the COMMON DEFENSE. Hillary's Life story is a saga of a woman in high power that consistently perverts the duty to provide for the Common Defense by Providing for the Defense of her power and her foundation and her political party. She has demonstrated through personal decisions at critical moments that her interest is in Providing for the Defense of her power even when it compromises and undermines the defense of our people. She has been seditious for her entire life against the duty to "Provide for the Common Defense" and her book shows that she cares more about placating radical islamists, whom are not even permitted to preach openly in most Islamic countries, than she cares about the defense of her country. Should she be elected, she will continue to be seditious against this duty as well.  And finally, Hillary Clinton is forever seditious against her duty to: 5) Secure the Blessings of Liberty for ourselves and our posterity. Instead she is committed only to: "Securing the Power for herself and her Party". Hillary seeks to undermine God at every vestige point in American Society and seethes with contempt towards the concept that a Creator provides us with Liberty. She is incapable of distinguishing between Liberty and Tyranny and is interested in the power for herself and her party not the liberty of her country-men.  Hillary's book should be titled Seditious Together. American Presidents should inspire their citizens to: "Pursue Happiness" or to pursue their own prosperity. Instead Hillary inspires people to "Pursue Equality" which was the pursuit of Lucifur who was Envious that he did not receive the glory or the worship and did not have the same power as God. Hillary inspires people to "Pursue Equality" The pursuit of the Damned. Not the pursuit of an American.  Hillary is seditious against America and is an abomination to it's constitution.
 What a joke and waste of money!!! I will not vote for such a shallow inept person
 The chapter on how to torch an embassy was also pretty epic, but a little unbelievable.
 The recent reviews were wiped. Like with a cloth.  *Cloth not included with purchase.
 Very disappointed! No info on how to set up an unsecured server in my bathroom. Also, no step by step instructions on how to set up a foundation in my family name and rake in million$. Don't waste your money
 As full of crap as her Wikipedia page.
 Who wrote this lying piece of garbage? Oh, never mind, Hillary supposedly did.
 Hey Amazon; don't you see that your attempt to modify the reviews for this piece of trash actually harms your credibilty with your customers? Or, are you more interested in promoting a fascist and her attempt to covert the country into her own fascist fiefdom?
 This book is about as good as the author herself. It sucks. Do not waste your money and do not vote for this vile woman. Rather than buy this book, buy one like Clinton Cash that shows just how rotten this woman is.
 The reviews of this book are much better than the book itself! The reviews give me hope that we CAN make America stronger together - by bringing in strong leadership! I think Americans have made their choice- lets just hope the election is not "rigged". May the best man win!
 Unfortunately, the lowest rating I could give was one star. It doesn't even deserve that. Starting with the title which makes absolutely no sense, the entire book is a series of talking points and lies by lawyers and con artists. It has no redeeming qualities other than to show America what a deceitful and useless mess the two of these "authors" have colluded on. I doubt if either of them actually worked on this "book". It is an artificial and superficial piece of ghost written blather with no soul, no point of view, no truth, no perspective and no point. I could not read a chapter without regretting the time I just wasted and I had to stop halfway through because I just could not read anymore of it. It was soooo bad.
 I thought Clinton was better than this, but the tone of the book is really divisive. She seems to think that anyone that disagrees with her is not just wrong but stupid. It is apparent from her book that she thinks she is better than the "regular" people. Her ideas policies are clearly designed to benefit her banker friends and to ensure she continues to receive millions of dollars each year from the rich and politically connected.  The policies she lays out in tedious detail in the book are nothing more that her vision to make government bigger and more intrusive than ever. I hope she will have plenty of time to spend with her grand children after the election.
 Don't bother buying unless you need expensive paper to wipe your A$$!!
 absolutely worst crock of baloney I ever read, don't waste your money
 If you believe a word that the author has written then you clearly are not a sentient being. HRC has proven that she is a pathological liar, moral vacuum, world class criminal and traitor. Her pay to play antics as the SOS, failure to help our ambassador and his cohort in Benghazi, the subsequent lies about the reason it happened as well continual lying about her e-mails are enough to have her up on charges; I feel quite sure that the FBI didn't press the issue as Director Comey didn't want to be the next Vince Foster or any of the others in a LOOONNG string of her acquaintances and business associates who have died under questionable circumstances. The woman is EVIL incarnate and you cannot believe even 1 thing she says/writes.
 Just sucks, maybe if she had a talent for anything but lying it would help.
 I've actually read this book and while I respect Clinton for what she admits she wants to do with this country, (reform education, infrastructure, tax laws, gun laws, inner city,etc) its how she plans to do it that is most frightening. Like her predecessor, she will attempt to use Congress, but if they refuse to go along with her party's plan, it's straight to executive orders. She is the embodiment of the failings of our country's political process and her book (obviously written ghost-written and a compilation of policy papers) reflects that. It's obvious from her book that she has no trust or respect for the American people and puts the needs of her special interest constituents first.
 Don't buy this book unless you want to listen to a wonky-eyed old lady yell at frogs.  More importantly, stop in a drop a random drive-by one star review to show Amazon you don't approve of their censorship.
 Pretty bad when you have SUCH terrible reviews for such a terrible book outlining a terrible future for America that you have to call your buddies at Amazon to "correct" them.  I generally found this book detestable (one might even say deplorable) and found I didn't recognize the America that was described and even less the one she and Kaine want to subject us to. There ARE (to be fair) a couple of funny passages and anecdote style stories, but generally the plan presented was so horrific that the good feelings didn't last long.  Terrible book. Save your money, and save your country too.
 The simple fact that reading the one star amazon reviews is more intellectually fulfilling, and more creatively entertaining than reading the "Look Inside" sample pages, speaks volumes about how this politically correct drivel is unsuccessfully masquerading as a "book"! My apologies to those at Amazon who are tasked with screening these one-star reviews for using multi-syllabic words. That alone will probably get this review relegated to the Amazon Dust Bin of Misfit Reviews. Oh well, off to follow a higher calling & go watch the cat practice his soccer moves with his ping pong ball.
 Shame on you, Jeff Bezos! Money apparently does not buy class, but it can buy the Washington Post as your personal propaganda machine.  (signed, a customer since 1998, but treading very warily)
 So I slipped on my onesies millennial pajamas, made me a frappe, put on my prism glasses and started to read. I found myself transformrd into a metrosexual fantasy world of unicorns and flying cats with rainbows emitting from them. This book was so inTense. These two really rock for old white people. I hear the lady is real sick though . I only gave it two stars because the guy on the cover scares me. His arm is up like Hitler.
 In reading this book I realized hillery still has no accomplishment's.
 Ironic title, "stronger together" - coming from Hillary who openly stated she puts 25% of the country into her "basket of deplorables" and divides groups against each other based on their race, income, class & gender.
 I use this book as bathroom reading and toilet paper, it really is dual purpose. It reflects Hillary Rodham Clinton's two faced approach to life and politics. The paper is not really comfortable to wipe with, but it does the job.
 Amazon once again showing that people in high places will protect the Clinton Crime Syndicate at all costs. The book is pure rubbish, but Billary gets to lie in the place of a worthy author who got a rejection slip because he or see was not connected. Amazon, you're an accessory-after-the-fact. Maybe you'll feel the wrath the Dallas newspaper felt after its endorsement of Billary. But maybe my money as a customer is "deplorable." After, half of Trump supporters are deplorable, according to your celebrated author. You might want to re-think this one, Bezos, before it's too late.
 Wonder if she can screech in a book like she does in person? Also, I didn't know that Amazon goes in an manipulates the ratings of their merchandise! For future reference, I'll ignore Amazon reviews, and go elsewhere for opinions. Then I'll buy from Ebay since they are generally less expensive anyway. I'll keep Amazon Prime, as I listen to their music. I seldom use Amazon Prime Video, since they only have a fraction of the number of movies that Netflix does. I just had to add one more ONE STAR review on the book, since it'll probably get deleted anyway.
 Why I even have it one star is a mystery. Hillary and Kaine are the two biggest buffoons in politics today. DO NOT BUY THIS TOILET PAPER IN A BINDER ! Absolutely horribly written and packed full of lies.
 She asked for a stool to stand on so she wouldn't appear short while debating Donald Trump. She had her podium custom build to minimize their height difference. It won't help, she can't measure up, just like having hundreds of negative reviews deleted from this book won't help either.  Short morals, short ethics, short confidence, and self esteem.
 I wish I had the time back in my life it took to read this book. I thought I was going to see some actual plans to rebuild the nation. Instead this book is a collection of cliches and the usually rhetoric. I would have thought that someone like Hillary Clinton, that has spent mostly her entire life in politics, would have more to offer. I was wrong. Don't waste your money on this propaganda pamphlet. It is an easy read though with larger than normal font and 5th grade reading level. By the way, Tim Kaine is making a Nazi salute on the cover, didn't the publisher check that?
 I'd write a review, but it will probably be wiped. Like with a cloth or something
 Amazon, make the book cheaper so I can use it for kindling.
 After extensive research I can confirm the cause of the mysterious deletions of this book's reviews.  Reviews for this book are hosted on Hillary's private server! Yes, I am aware this is not in accordance with Amazon policy, but that has never stopped Hillary before. Hillary hired an IT contractor to direct all her Amazon reviews to the private server running in her closet. She's reportedly using bleachbit to purge all the 1 start reviews.  But don't worry guys, after extensive review by her lawyer, she'll turn over all the reviews that she deems worthy of your reading.
 She left out the best part of her life. How to destroy the many women accusing your husband of sexual molestation , yet still manage to fool millions that you are pro women ! She should add this to the reprint. Very helpful material !
 Hillary is the biggest scam pulled over on American soil. As an accomplished liar, killer, thief, and supporter of terrorism she continues to troll her way to the top. Having successfully cheated Bernie from his bid to the DNC choice she will continue to cheat even her own death one day. Trump2016
 I was excited to see this book available at Amazon. I'm recently retired and was hoping it would lay out a blueprint on how to set up my own charity and earn millions. To my disbelief, not one word on the subject! My main income is derived from selling "Bernie for President" bumper stickers, so I was also in need of pointers on setting up my own server for my business in my bathroom. Once again, nothing! I was so disillusioned that Hills would withhold this important information that I was unable to eat or sleep for days. I weakened to the pointed that I got pneumonia, dehydrated, fell, hit my head. Surely this book would have pointers on how to recover from that, nope...just told me to wear "alien librarian" pantsuits and big, thick glasses. No one was fooled by these parlor tricks. Now I can't quit coughing, speak in my "outside" voice when I'm inside and my eyes seem to work independently of themselves. To sum up, don't read this book, it has ruined my life.
 My review disappeared! I would not have paid one thin dime to read this nonsense. Who could believe a serial liar who wouldn't know the truth if it bit her on the nose? Kaine is no more qualified to be president than Hillary. The thought of either of them being the ruler of the free world is terrifying. I would like to continue living and have my children and grandchildren not pay the debts of the lazy and undocumented for the rest of their lives. If you are voting for them, you have not educated yourself.
 This book is a joke. Just another way for Clinton to cheat people out of their money. She is nothing but a liar and cheater. Don't waste your money.
 I liked all of the book except the beginning, middle, and end.
 First off....reading these reviews gives me hope in the American people. Just this small sampling tells me if she is president, it won't be by the popular vote. That being said, l reviewed the cover of the book; that photo op was sufficient enough for me to know the ladt thing l would ever want to do is read it. Now...if Amazon removes this comment like they did with allegedly 2000 others, they need to revisit how much money l give them. I can easily shop at the many other online retailers.
 I bought the book and donated $4,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation and all I got was lifetime immunity from all prosecution and the Ambassadorship to Shangri La.
 As an Amazon Prime member I am truly disappointed how Amazon "the corporation" is manipulating the reviews to be favorable toward Hillary's book because the founder and CEO is a Hillary Clinton supporter. As a Vietnam veteran and a person who has always followed the rules and supports many charities and am not out to enrich myself I give this book the worst rating like the person "Hillary Clinton" is with her ambition for power and self enrichment. Please put back all the other negative reviews that you deleted.
 One star protest-rating for Amazon (Jeff Bezos) removing hundreds of reviews based on political bias. The first amendment is not welcome with Amazon. Coward...
 I was so pleased upon receipt of this book to note that an Official STRONGER TOGETHER BARF BAG COLLECTION was included. I was excited to see that they had included the Whole Collection: Hellary, Tim "Banker's Favourite" Kaine, Bill "Limp Dick" Clinton, Chelsea Hubbell Clinton, Debbie Washerwoman-Sheets, Donna "CleanUpGirl" Brazile, James "Careless" Comey, etc. etc. The hardest part was deciding WHICH bag to use first as I dove into this sick, sick volume.  Well, Hellary's bag filled quickly, just like her colostomy bag, and I was barely into the first chapter!! Needless to say, the hits (and the chunks of carrots from my gut) just kept on coming and in NO TIME I had filled the entire STRONGER TOGETHER BARF BAG COLLECTION! (There was a problem with Billy's bag: the bottom broke out and spilled carrot chunks all over Hellary's picture on the cover but....hehehehe!)  Perhaps the best part of this book is the weight. We had a nice cool breeze come up and I found that if I wedged this sucker under the front door it wouldn't blow closed.  NOW......the real test to you, Jeff Bezos, is how fast your little MediaMatters/Correct The Record Soros-paid single-digit IQ drone-trolls will once again sweep through the reviews and purge the comments that fail to Toe The Party Line.  With that it mind, and hoping to confuse the simple-minded "True Blue No Matter Who" human troll-drones, I will state: "I'M WITH HER!!!"
 I read this and hated it. Terrible argumentation and the conclusions are just terrible. If they think this is a blueprint for success, they are absolutely deluded. I am definitely not voting for them after reading this.
 Worthless drivel from the most corrupt politician in history. Bezos, I am a long time customer of Amazon going back to the days when all you sold was books. I have spent a lot of money with Amazon but I am seriously considering shopping elsewhere as I am tired of my money going to support your political pets. By looking at the other reviews for this " book ", It seems I am not alone.
 Listened to the audio version. I tried to keep an open mind but it was just drivel, a bunch of fluff with no substance. I couldn't make it past the second chapter. It's clear neither of the authors wrote this book, it was outsourced to a writer, it lacks any depth, insight and you walk away knowing nothing more about the two of them than you already knew. It was was a waste of paper and a waste of my time.
 To be honest I was unable to finish the book, but from what I read I can tell you that it was a waste of money. Nothing, absolutely nothing in the book convinces me that she has a clue what is going in the country. She is an arrogant elitist surrounded by elitist sycophants who live life in a filtered and out of touch reality. Has visited a border town? NO. Has she visited a small town over run with refugees and illegal immigrants? NO. Has she visited a town in rural America where you can longer find work if you don't speak Spanish? NO. She is about globalism, America last. The book is a con about accepting everyone but Americans in efforts to build up / stack the Democratic base PURE and SIMPLE. We are supposed to feel sorry for an illegal that does not belong in our country, who kids have over filled our schools, over worked teachers due to ESL issues, hospitals are over run (don't get me started on affordable - LOL - care act). She is absolutely clueless, she is in it for the power, to enrich WallStreet and to continue a third Obama term. She is willing to sacrifice our nations sovereignty, national security, the welfare, well being and safety of EVERY real American citizen at the expense of not hurting the feeling of illegals, islamic terrorists and atheist. The book is a joke, buy the book "Clinton Cash" in cartoon form. Not only is that book more factual, but it is entertaining as well. God help us if she wins, that is one thing the book convinced me of.
 I was hoping this book would shed some light on the countless illegal and nefarious actions taken almost daily by the First Lady of Faint. Sadly, when the book showed up it was a copy of George orwell's 1984 with a different dust jacket.
 FHRC , stroke out bitch.
 I felt like I was reading a Communist Manifesto. Very Disappointing. The best quote I can think of after reading this book . " I didn't leave the Democratic party, The Democratic party left me" Im no longer Democrat.
 Deplorable. The ideas from this side of the ticket do nothing to advance the American people as a whole. This election revolves around a few simple questions:  1. Are you better of financially than you were 8 years ago? The stats from the Census bureau itself give us the emphatic answer of: NO.  2. Is the homeland safer? Do you feel safer voting in more of the same with the delusional idea that we are not at war with radical Islam? If you can't name your enemy how can you draft a plant to defeat them.  3. Do you want to see the ideals of this country continue to be forcibly changed via the nomination of Supreme Court justices from this side of the ticket?  4. Do you want to elect a pathological liar? Her crimes against this country are unacceptable and it's time to clean out Washington. Had any one of us "regular" citizens committed even .05% of the crimes she has committed we would have been in the slammer rotting away for the rest of our lives.  This deplorable is ready for real hope and change. Enough is enough.
 Lower ratings than Senator Warren's book "Pow Wow Chow" fake Cherokee Indian cook book  Lower ratings than Barry Obama's book "Bow Wow Chow" recount of culinary experiences while in Malaysia
 Saw bezos wanted to scrub bad ratings for a bad book. You can't wipe away shillary's negative persona quite as easily.
 I'd rather donate the money to a charity than to buy this book again, absolutely terrible book filled with dishonesty, and a false future of the country
 Reading this was painful to say the least. It's like it was written by a BLM protestor. Her hubris is on peak form. It really made me feel depressed and angry. If this is her vision for America then she doesn't hold very high expectations for her fellow man and even less for minorities. Outdated out of touch nonsense from an outdated and out of touch grifter of the purest form. Time to take a shower and scrub scrub scrub.
 Really wanted to give it 2 stars BUT missing from the book are key stories from her life. Would have been nice to read how she flunked the DC bar exam, defended a child rapist, married a man who often had sex with unconsenting partners, etc. but seriously I did think this would be more like "Foundations for Dummies" and instructional in nature. For example I wanted to know how do I setup a foundation quickly, donations/bribes, setup an email server in 2 minutes or less!
 The book is deplorable
 Shame on Amazon! This is what we will get from a Hilary regime. The left is wedded to censorship and PC. I don't know,why anyone would waste time or money on this piece of political rubbish. I perused this trash at Barnes and Noble - its full of more race baiting and socioal engineering that has given us Charlotte and terrorism in our xountry.
 I've been sitting on the fence on who to vote for to lead our nation. If you believed that "hope and change" thingy, you will love this book. After reading it, I've decided who to vote for and its not Hillary.
 this crooked woman really thinks shes going to be elected .? she and her woman abuser husband have used us taxpayers to fund their greed. were all tired of these liars like them using the voters like this. we wish Bezos and all these other liberas l than run these tech companies would think of their country instead of how much money they can make.
 This book somehow showed up in my basket so I used it for birdcage liner hoping, like Old Clovenhoof, nothing will stick to it. My poor bird committed suicide.
 Bilge-water at the old fishing dock has a fresher smell than this contrived pile of political propaganda. There is something incredibly disturbing about a narcissist who would put the security of the country in the backseat of her "Thelma and Louise jumps the Snake River Canyon" tour bus. Is there anyone stupid enough to believe this megalomaniac is fit to serve as the representative to this great nation? This is the last opportunity to save the republic. No, the other guy is far from perfect, but life is full of decisions you must make. Pick the lesser of two evils.
 Stronger Together makes it seem like the country needs to recover from the past 8 years - which is true, but I don't think that was the intent of the book... She writes about so much that needs to change, she subliminally slaps Obama in the face. Tim Kaine may call himself a Catholic, but doesn't practice that faith in any way, shape, or form. The book was bland, boring, and offers no new insight.
 Where did all of the reviews go? There were tons and now there are not. I wasn't going to write a review because I didn't want to "pile on." But if you are going to delete reviews ... well, that's just wrong! I read this book and found it to be fluff and political liberal ideologies devoid of true answers for difficult times. I was hopeful when I bought but came away with a great sense of disappointment.
 I was getting ready to read it but Sandy Berger stuffed into his shorts before I could see it. I guess he took it to the closest dumpster and burned it.
 The book says Hillary and Tim are the authors of the book - that is a lie. Amazon manipulates the reviews - corruption
 I disliked this book. What a load of socialist propaganda. I hope this woman never becomes President. That would indeed be the worst thing to happen to our once great country. I sincerely hope America isn't stupid enough to elect this criminal.
 I was going to buy this inspirational book because Hillary said she's 'always worked for women and children, all her life.' And, she said that victims of sexual assault 'have a right to be believed.' But then I remembered Juanita Broadrick, Gennifer Flowers, Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey and all the other women used and abused by Slick Willy and threatened and destroyed by Hillary's operatives who employed their 'nuts and sluts' narrative to ruin these women's lives and cover up the vicious, money-grubbing, self-serving juggernaut that is the Clinton Crime Machine. One line that particularly stuck with me was this 'inspiring' narrative allegedly attributed to James Carville--that Paula Jones was what you get when you drag a $20 bill through a trailer park. Nice.  Then, thinking I may be too hard on the Clintons, I decided to rethink everything. But then I remembered the TWELVE year old rape victim and Hillary defending the rapist, claiming the TWELVE year old had 'fantasies about older men' and lured the rapist. I remembered that Hillary won that case, the rapist served less than a year and Hillary cackled and laughed about it, saying it was 'so easy' to tear that little girl to shreds.
 I've noticed that there seem to be more reviews than books purchased. I'm not complaining. Hillary has never written a best seller and I don't expect this masterpiece to do any better. I am curious though. Is "Stronger Together" a reference to her needing to be held up by those around her?
 I thought all these 1-star reviews were right wing trolls, so I bought the book.  Honestly, the book is a total piece of junk. Nothing original, innovative, or challenging. One long set of tired old claptrap speeches recycled as a book.  Really, I am so disappointed at this unhealthy exercise in political writing.
 Used the pages to wipe up my puppies' messes. I also lined their sleeping quarters with it. I've found this is an excellent use for the book, though perhaps not within the scope of the original intentions of the authors. However with that said, it has been put to good use and I am very satisfied with its performance.
 It is a shame that Jeff Bezos would risk the integrity of his rating system by deliberately removing bad ratings of this book.  [...]
 One would think that a ghost-written book could soften the edges of a spiteful, vindictive, character-assassinating, rapist enabling pathological liar and Stalinist sociopath, but there is no conjurer of pig lipstick that can whip up a vat of cosmetic facial goo to obliterate the spiritual and moral warts on the Queen of the Arkansas Hillbilly Grifters. Her cross-eyed glare is the mirror into her mortally condemned soul. Strap U Revolver Ii Vibrating Strapless Strap On Dildo
 As substantial as soup, not recommended
 I was going to write a good review, but then everyone would think I was one of the people getting paid to say how great this book of fiction is. Then I was not going to write a review because I didn't want to end up on Hillary's enemies list and get killed like so many others. But them I figured out that with her double vision, poor health, and her inability to understand modern technology like a fax machine or the letter "C" marking classified information, let alone how to erase your old cell phone without resorting to a hammer, she probably wouldn't be able to navigate the Amazon website and read this review in order to track me down and kill me. At least she will have a customized podium for her debate with Trump so she doesn't look so small. Now, if only she would give back all of the donations from the countries in the middle east that hate and kill gays, Christians, Jews, and treat women like a sub-species. After all, she has done so much for women's rights, the LGBT community, as well as promoting religious tolerance (islamac radicalism).
 Almost totally unreadable. Maybe if you see the world in her weird way you might like it...but I doubt it.
 Deplorable. This book is 250 pages of lies. It brainwashes the sheep into believing that they are free while it talks about how Hillary's big government engineers society to keep the people in poverty while voting for her so she can use the government for her own financial gain. it's sick.
 I thought I would replace one of the bad reviews of this book that Amazon has deleted. With actions like that they are about to delete me as a customer while they're at it. Jeff Bezos is so in the tank for Hillary he had his Washington Post hire an army of Trump bashing journalists. Just consider this turnabout being fair play. He's not the only one who can stack the deck. I'm a Prime customer but I'm having second thoughts about where my money is going. He has a right to his views but to cheat the results of the reviews of this book is beyond the pale.
 Nothing new here. Just an outline of the peaches and cream plan to subjugate and control the global population. How this woman can be considered a serious option for president sadly reveals the extent that the citizenry of the USA have fallen. Maybe what the actual readers of this collection of fairy tales should be reading, and which could be beneficial to them, are books on such subjects as: Cognitive Dissonance, Suspension of Reality, The Hegelian Dialectic, and other such subjects. Or maybe, since ignorance is bliss, they choose to remain blissfully ignorant and STILL vote for Clinton just because she has a vagina. It would serve America better if she had a brain instead, at least a working one!
 We are all doomed - lock and load people - the democrats have kept their slaves under a welfare contract for the day they are needed to drum up social unrest to bring us into another age of decline. This book was written for a reader with 3rd grade education.
 Two stars because I like reading these reviews!  Here is the book Summary:  Trump: Were Going to Build a Wall!  Clinton: Open Borders!  Trump: Deport Illegals!  Clinton: Amnesty Now!  Trump: Get Our Jobs Back!  Clinton: Protect NAFTA!  Trump: Stop Illegal Immigration!  Clinton: 500% More Radical Islamists!  Trump: Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!  Clinton: Taxes, Taxes, Taxes!  Trump: Reduce the Citizens Tax Burden!  Clinton: Raise Taxes Across the Board!  Trump: Decent Health Care!  Clinton: Obamacare Forever!  Trump: Take Care of Our Veterans!  Clinton: Bonuses for Corrupt VA Bureaucrats!  Trump: Uphold the 2nd Amendment!  Clinton: Regulate the 2nd Amendment!, and Disarm All Law-Abiding Citizens!!  Trump: Control Our Trade Agreements!  Clinton: Pass TPP Now!  Trump: Prosecute and Jail Hillary Clinton!  Clinton: Noooooooooooooooo!  Trump: Make America Great Again!  Clinton: Make ME great again!
 Only good for toilet paper. As per her usual, HilDog has surpassed her last dog , Hard Choices. One would have to work extra hours to write something this bad, but, obviously Hillary is up to the task. Move along swiftly, nothing to see here………..
 The entire drap content of this book sent me into coughing fits that i could not control, so i figured the book to be some kind of voodoo trickery. I then proceeded to make a fantastic pant-suit out of all the pages, the only way to destroy the spell. But seriously, this book really is democratic, sociopathic propaganda that even if Morgan Freeman read the Audible version would still make you "commit suicide."
 Hillary's book is more propaganda that the public already knows. Even Jeff Bezos, Amazon CEO, is heading the censorship of negative reviews by deleting them. Don't waste your money with this Goebbels Garbage. All you have to do is watch CNN (ClintonNewsNetwork) or read "Washington Post" owned by Bezos to learn her trash.
 If I could give it 0 stars I would. The author seems to think she wrote a non-fiction book but it's obvious this is fictional commedy. I barely got through the first chapter. I just kept laughing to the point of throwing up in my mouth almost at every page. Horrible plot. Ridiculous and pathetic characters. Bad writting.
 I thought being stronger together would help me out, to learn how to play for pay, while becoming a pathological liar for my career! But when I started to read I become filled with anxiety that my life was in danger, I don't want to be another "suicide victim" so I just will delete what I can from my memory.
 After reading the book, oddly I could not recall any details. Then was informed others had similar experiences but Amazon had wiped the reviews of negative responses. Wonder if they also used bleach bit. Did they have a meeting about deleting information. My account will be closed immediately as my spouses and kids.
 You have a choice. You can purchase this book now, or you can choose not to. If you choose the latter, then after Hillary steals the election you will be required to pay a fine to the IRS to atone for your deplorable decision. Remember, if you like your reading list you can keep your reading list!
 I'll never understand why people around her won't simply tell her "Ma'am...this is garbage." I try to be receptive to all points in politics, but this woman and her kind have made it increasingly impossible to give much sway to her thoughts, ideologies and methodologies.
 The reviews are so bad that I'll never buy or read this one.
 I would give it zero stars if possible--this book is a blueprint for more crimes against the American people written by the biggest political criminal in American history. Can't wait till she's in prison--preferably exiled on Alcatraz.
 First of all, only a fool thinks she write one word of this book, that goes for Kaine. The fact most likely approved it, means not much in it should be believed, other than that which relates to tearing down our country.
 See headline
 Once again, we see the absolute, blatant, CRIMINALITY of the Clinton crime cabal-supporters in the press, doing all they can to salvage this horrid book, chief among them the CEO of this site, yes, Amazon's very own Jeffy Bezos, who, btw, also owns the Washington Post, who hired a special "hit team" of 20 pimple faced chicken chokers to attempt to dig up dirt of Donald Trump. The negative reviews amounted to over 2000 just a day or so ago, then magically, dropped to 200 or so. Kinda like the cattle futures, right, Hillary? Just mysterious numbers appearing. This book is garbage, written by a filthy garbage collector named sHillary Rotten Klinton. The book, like her, blows big time. Throw it out, along with hillary's filthy soiled diapers.
 This book was OK, but I can't wait for her new book next year. I hear the book will be about her first year in prison for destroying the lives of soldiers and lying to American people. I'm sure that it will be "Huge". Go Trump 16 make America great again.
 Four days ago (the morning of Sept 19) there were 898 reviews of this book. By evening there were 983 reviews. The reviews were merciless and many quite funny (though mostly accurate). This morning I look and there's 209 reviews. Hmmmmm, what happened to all those other reviews? Apparently Clinton has friends at Amazon.  Edited to add: In the WND article there was a comment " This may be the first book to receive more reviews than sales" and I think that's possible. Meanwhile Hillary is laughing all the way to the bank. First she gets an $8 million dollar advance from Simon and Schuster for her last abysmal failure and now she's getting somewhere around $14 million for this book. The woman could hustle Bernie Madoff.
 It's a lesson in becoming a professional liar. I had open mind, but this solidified the fact that she's a self-serving woman (not lady, Southerner will get the difference) who couldn't tell the truth if her life depended on it. She's orchestrated a political house of cards built on her version of the truth, as an American, I am offended that she would think I'm stupid enough to buy all of her....as a southerner (and Arkansan) basic etiquette dictates that the word I want to use would reflect poorly on my upbringing; let's just say horses and cows make plenty of it!!
 The book is a blue print to turning the United States of America into a Third World republic, under the assumption, of course, that the republic stays together, which may be unrealistic given the authors propensity to balkanize the American public in almost every policy proposal. So the proposals go from making college education "tuition free" (i.e., paid via taxes) to "free" health care (i.e., paid via taxes). There are two key features in all of their economic proposals. Firstly, to break the link between those who benefit from a proposal and who pays for it, which obviously creates a rational incentive to over-consumption and waste (like when a large dinner table evenly divides the bill, thus creating the incentive to order expensive menu items in order not to be on the losing end of the night). Secondly, to assume that the U.S. Treasury is a bottomless resource, even though the federal debt is already 100% of GDP as of today, if you ignore the federal IOUs in the Social Security and Medicare "trust funds". Besides the economic proposals, there are proposals to favor this or that race in detriment of the other races (i.e., government-sponsored discrimination) and proposals to outlaw hugely popular classes of firearms, as if the 2nd Amendment was an afterthought. The book makes for a nauseating read unless you believe that the United States will remain wealthy and free no matter what its leaders throw at it, as if that status was a law of nature.
 I borrowed this book from someone trying to convince me to vote for her. I found the book to be inaccurate in so many ways, including several incidences where recently released emails and fbi documents from their "investigation" negated statements in the book.. imagine if we had more than heavily redacted versions, and her chief of staff was not granted immunity... this book is cut out of the same shameful cloth. Trump 2016.
 I half-expected an apology for her history of abuse of women, an apology for destroying evidence incriminating her, an apology for rigging the DNC primary process, an apology for destroying Libya and Syria and Egypt and Iraq, an apology for starting the Great Surrender to Iran, and an apology for selling out our country to enrich herself.  She apologized for absolutely nothing in this book. She has done absolutely nothing in this book to improve perception of her disastrous record.  P.S. She even described Tim Kaine as a third-rate VP choice in the book. Did anyone even bother proofreading?
 By stronger together, she meant the corrupted collusion she has formed with the President, FBI during the time she served as the Secretary of State. I don't care about politics but this woman is easily the most corrupt politician I have seen ever since I was born. She made all the corrupt politicians in China and the Philippines look like her pupils. Lying, cheating, stealing, deceits, power-hungry, etc ... She has all and that just scared me. Anybody still endorsing after what she did to Bernie was simply beyond clueless at this point and probably treads into the dumb and retards category.
 Udder garbage. Don't waste your money. The reviews are better than the book.
 More BS from the Queen of Lies. Hillary is so twisted and crooked inside, she could swallow a nail and poop out a corkscrew. Stronger Together?! Is that a tribute to her team of handlers who prop her up when she strokes out. She claims to have pneumonia then hugs that little girl? What is she? A walking small pox blanket. Hey Hillary, I've got some Ebola patients you can french kiss!
 I was going to order this book and read it for myself. A few days ago there were about 750 reviews (most of them negative), and now they have 300 reviews. However, many of the negative comments have been removed....What type of "Games" is Amazon playing now ?!?!
 Lies and more lies. It took me a while to read this book all the way through because I can bring it down out if frustration. They should have discussed the corruption she and Bill bro got to the White House and Bill's raping past.  And where did thousands of negative reviews go, Amazon? As I write this, there are only 350, but originally there were over 2000. You're biased resource as I write this, there are only 350, but originally there were over 2000. Bezos (Amazon owner and Hillary supporter) is gaming the system for Hillary!
 Although I was initially turned away from reading this book due to Tim Kaine's Nazi-like salute on the front cover, I decided to give it a try. I didn't get far. Without any original content, the book becomes a desperate plea for votes and a 288 page political advertisement. After supporting Bernie Sanders, I was trying to find something I liked about the Clinton-Kaine team... but I found absolutely nothing. In fact, I ended up despising them after reading this book. Don't waste your money. And DON'T waste your vote!
 One of the worst politcal books written. Tim Kaine comes across as a moron and its full of Hillarys lies. I gave it 2 stars for the effort writing the book. It was hard to read.
 Gee, Amazon, gonna delete this one, too? My comment was factual. There's all kinds of comments here. Let's try again, shall we?  --------------------------------  What a lame attempt at deceiving the American people yet again. What IS hilarious is that this book sold ONLY 2,912 copies the first week it was released. You can look it up. From the lies on Benghazi, a cover-up to steal the 2012 election regarding same, to The Clinton Foundation, to her VERY serious health issues (she needs to be under a doctor's care 24/7). Tim Kaine is another useful tool for Obama when this disaster started 7.5 years ago. Notice her shrinking crowds; shrinking very quickly. The American people are catching on.
 Why did Amazon delete my prior review of this horrible book by a woman who broke our laws and should be prosecuted. I did read this rag and it is simple propaganda
 Any one who thinks Bezos is a crook should look at the history of the reviews of this book. Bezos has deleted the bad reviews to support Clinton. He is evil.
 The book, being short in read, is a shameless mockery of all that America stands for and a pack of boldface lies about Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine. It's disgusting anyone with half a brain would give this a positive rating.
 I didn't like this book because it didn't touch on the Clinton Crime Family's 50+ mysterious murders AKA the Clinton Body Count. See arkancide.com
 I found this book discarded in the kitchen at work so I thought I'd read the book for free and write my honest review. After reading for less than an hour I can assure you it's bad and not worth reading, even for free.
 I purchased this book, because I am female and she's female, too. I was very confused, though, because the Table of Contents listed chapter titles that were the exact opposite of the chapter titles within. How could this happen? Also, I think the overall content was a little flimsy; each chapter just contained some campaign slogans, ads for the military contractors, Wall Street investment brokers, massage parlors and adult diapers! WTH? Why would I pay good money for that? One Star. Boo. Oh, wait. It was nice that there was a postage paid envelope included in the back for donations.
 Kind of a waste and appears to be written on a fifth grade level (maybe sixth or seventh - depending where you're from)- - - hard to explain, it's almost like writing a circus story where you could read a page, then randomly skip to another page, and end up with the same degree of organization as if you had read the book straight through - - - perhaps intentional. Just a huge lack of organization and idea flow with very few transitions - - - it would be nice if they had hired better writers who might understand what a topic sentence is or the function of a paragraph. I understand that political campaign books are hardly ever written by those running for office; however, it is important that quality writers are involved to do it right, not put out garbage like this - - - and so boring - - - does not help the campaign. Even the image on the front of the book makes her look like she is the candidate for VP and not President - - - where were the image people. If she were to drop out, and Mr. Kaine turned out to be the candidate, the book might be a tad more appropriate.
 You know, HRC always struck me as such an odd choice for a presidential candidate just because of the way she handled the whole thing from the beginning. We all know her history. Even our PARENTS know her history. For her to run on the basis she is the straightforward hardworking candidate is like putting makeup on a shovel and telling everyone you have a new girlfriend at home.  The funny thing is, and I really hope she reads some of these reviews, is that if she ran as a CRIMINAL, she would have won. Her list of achievements as a politician is deplorable. Guess where I got that word from? But if she ran, telling everyone the truth about how deep she managed to corrupt the entire American political system for years, I might have actually thought that she earned a little bit of recognition. The fact that she is allowed to run is such a farce, and every time I see her on TV I imagine how deep her pockets and connections have to be reach the level of protection from the law that she has. If she came clean on EVERYTHING, and I mean everything, her list of corruption becomes a list of achievements. If she wrote a book only focused on that subject alone, it would probably be a bestseller. Some food for thought.  Oh, and this is just obvious. If you want a book to sell, your audience matters way more than your book does. If you're a politician who writes a book after a huge public scandal, people will buy the book hoping for more information on the scandal than the author. No one wants to read a policy book by Hillary Clinton. A complete book written by her about her vast number of legal troubles and escapes would captivate audiences everywhere.
 Is this Amazon or The Washington Post an Jeff Bezos? Are you turning Amazon into a pro Hillary propaganda machine like the Post? Bezos is deleting reviews of this joke of a book like Hellary deletes emails!
 If you play the audible version backwards it gives instructions on how to install a home server.
 Can I give it zero stars? I'm not of fan of this criminal, but I tried to be objective and see what she could do to convince me otherwise in her own words. This is nothing but a bunch of spin and rhetoric, which proves definitively to me that she is nothing but a joke of a candidate and a person. I really hope she doesn't win the 2016 election, are we are all in for a bumpier ride that we already are...
 As a life-long democrat, I had great hopes for this book and for Hillary Clinton's candidacy. Sadly, I find that the positions and policies put forth in this book are surprisingly skim on detail and set forth in a way that makes the reader want to nod off out of boredom. I question the sincerity of a candidate who has reaped enormous wealth during her tenure as Sec of State following upon her nearly total ineffectiveness as senator of my home state of NY. She promised upstate NY jobs and failed to deliver. Further, as a health care professional, I am also deeply concerned that she may be unfit to serve based upon her long-time, disturbing record of collapsing, stumbling and having extended coughing fits during public appearances. If she is as ill as she appears to be then I'm deeply offended by her placing her own ambitions before her country, and so very disappointed that her family has not persuaded her to step aside for her own well-being. None of these concerns are effectively disarmed by this book.
 Didn't read it. And it belongs in fiction. Even if she gave the money to charity, or if They [Amazon] puts it on Kindle for free, as a bonus to Amazon customers, I'd rather watch cartoons with my 2 year old granddaughters ..and see all the Dora cartoons ever made ...then read this fairy tale. Hey Amazon, maybe you could put it on audio book and let her mind numbed robots listen while they receive their Checks in the mail.
 Rigged for Crooked Hillary by Amazon Liberals
 Bought it at a discount elsewhere from a bargain bin. A sick sycophantic medley of boot licking and lbrown nosing of Clinton..
 Shallow. I was hoping for a book that was thoughtful and enlightening. I was hoping to learn something new - a new perspective on America and politics. But no. This book is full of cliche's and bromides that are superficial and pointless. It is also very redundant.
 I had hoped that this was a how to do it book on how to get rich beyond my wildest dreams while bilking donors out of millions of dollars while avoiding paying taxes and using my office as Sec. of State in a pay to play scheme while giving special favors to donors who donate to my fake charity and how to avoid being prosecuted for money laundering and racketeering in what has to be the biggest Ponzi scam ever? What a let down because we deplorable Americans want to know her secret, its not everyone who could get away with this kind of charity fraud while using their position as a pay to play and call it good government. I was also hoping she would have let us all in on that famous meeting between Lynch and Bill just days before Lynch was to announce if she was going to prosecute Hillary but as it turns out Lynch decided not to and said that the so called meeting was by chance and that her and Bill just talked about golf and grandchildren while Lynch's fellow travelers stood out on a tarmac in 100 degree heat so her and Bill could discuss grandchildren, I guess Bill must have given Lynch the good news that she would remain in her position if Hillary is elected for doing such an upstanding job at not prosecuting Hillary. Really Hillary this book would have been a sell out if it had been a how to get away with it all and get rich doing it book than some dull rant while calling hard working Americans deplorable.
 While I really TRIED to like this book, I was incapable of doing so. Hillary did her usual dissembling regarding her illegal non-classified server at Department of State used to evade FOIA requests, the highly corrupt Clinton Foundation, "Pay-To- Play" at the Department of State, her disaster at Benghazi and her many serious health issues. She also failed to mention Bill's many sexual escapades...including the alleged rape of Juanita Broadrrick in 1978 and the $850,000.00 sexual harassment payment to Paula Jones, all part of the Clinton Legacy. And Tim Kaine questions NOTHING regarding her highly questionable ethics. How sad. This could've been such an interesting "Tell All" book. And thus my 1-star rating.
 Is this just some other way to launder money to the campaign? What a waste of paper and energy...
 When I received the shipment from Amazon, I immediately tore open the packaging, as I was exited to read up on how to destroy America and wipe my backside with the constitution. I couldn't wait and started in before I had a chance to sit down. About 2 sentences into the first chapter, my body kind of froze. I felt weak and started to collapse. Fortunately my family members were nearby to catch me and drag me over to my reading chair. After having been administered a really swell drug cocktail, I came to, and realized they had to drag me so fast, that my shoe came off and was left laying near the front door!  I'm pretty sure this book gave me a wicked case of walking pneumonia
 Seizure happy slut puppet. She is terrible, frail, fragile and not even close to capable of being a president. This book is just a glimpse into boredom. Donald will wallop her in any scenario. There's no way she could defend the US like we need. We have monsters coming into our country to kill us and she wants to increase this.
 I downloaded this for my Kindle for PC app, and suddenly all my emails are missing.
 288 pages of nonsense and propaganda that is basically nothing more than a campaign donation. It is highly unlikely that it was even written by Kaine and Clinton. If you want to make a donation, go to her website, but don't waste a tree on this garbage.
 Shame on Jeff Bezos for using Amazon and his writers at the Washington post to further his political agenda. I think he fears that if Hillary does not win, his sales tax free house of cards will fall.
 More Junk from the Clintax Group. Expected a how to book. The chapters on Home Servers, Tax free Scams, Bill's secrets on how to get laid, & how to Shakedown for fun& profit, were all missing. The book was a Shakedown. Would not recommend. I have received Zero bids on eBay so far for this Book. I think I've been taken.
 Fortunately, my copy had been drenched in bit bleach so there is no worry that harmful facts might intrude.  I am sending in the special offer coupon for FREE Immunity today!
 The reviews are getting deleted faster that Hillary's emails.
 Even Jeff bezos can't polish this turd up and make it palatable. Out of 320 million people who could rub for president, the democrats have picked the single worst specimen.
 Mein Kampf clearly explained der Fürher's plans for the conquest of Eastern Europe and the enslavement of the "inferior races," yet no one listened. Now Hillary lays out her plans for the destruction of America and the abolishing of our Constitutional rights and the Elites clamor for her to be elected. She has warned us what she will do. If America elects her, we are doomed as a free nation. It is interesting that the title of this book is "Stronger Together," as that is the basis of the word Fascism which derives from the Roman sorry off the father who showed his son that while a stick could be broken easily, a bundle of sticks could not; they were "stronger together."
 Very unsatislsfied with the book and Amazon for deleting all of the negative reviews! Does Hillary have the same power over Amazon that she does over the FBI?!
 Very disappointing. This book reads like it was written by an arrogant and dishonest person trying to put the best spin on a lifetime of con jobs on the American people. Is there any truth to be found in this book? Nope.
 This book is unreadable, so don't bother. Does anyone think HRC or Kaine wrote a word of it?! The phone book is less boring.
 I read a copy from the library and found it was dull with a focus on failed utopian concepts. I would not recommend it...
 I couldn't finish it. It was so full of lies, made up stories and self-aggrandizing nonsense that I had to quit.
 Writes a book called "Stronger Together." Proceeds to call 50 million Americans "deplorable."
 Amazon is Deleting negative Reviews. It's STILL rated horribly. Jeff Bezos, owner of Amazon, is a major Clinton donor and owns the politically-aligned Washington Post.  Never did I think Amazon would start gaming the system for reviews on their main site. We all know they do it with owned IMDB.com, but this is tantamount to false advertising.  I hated the book, anyway. Hilldawg is a mess mentally, and it shows in this book, which lacks a coherent statement. It just seems like various marketing buzzwords and campaigns all jumbled together in a lumpy mess to make Hillary Clinton seem more intellectual right before the election.  Avoid like the plague.
 I borrowed this from a friend. They said it was horrible so I had to see for myself. If it were my book, I would be using it as TP by now.  This is nothing more than her website regurgitated (which was my physical reaction 10 pages into it) and campaign cut and paste talking points. There is nothing new here that you are not bombarded with everyday in CNN. There are no policy details about how they will produce or balance a budget, address rising of of living, create jobs or fix the mess she created in the ME. Just plenty of pandering to minority groups in attempt to hobble together their victims to vote for them again in the most extreme case of stockholm syndrome in history.  I could not finish the book. After reading half of it I already knew the rest of it as it is repetitive with no vision, just rehashed failed policies of socialist days gone by. There is no revelation of how she will do anything different than Obama to address the economic failures that have resulted in the lowest labor participation rate in 40 years, double the number of people on food stamps since 2008, average household income 1k lower than 2008 and home ownership 4% lower than 2008.  I guess in Hillary's America, we are stronger going down the tubes together since 2008.
 Don't waste your money! It is just full of lies like the Clintons always are. They are nothing but crooks, liars, thieves, and killers and they all should have been in prison decades ago, and Tim Kaine is a loser and has never done anything for the State of Virginia or the USA. He simply kisses up to Obama and the Clintons.
 I did buy and read this book in it's entirety. The book is boring, and self-aggrandizing. I am an avid reader, and it was hard to get thru this book. I read books of all political persuasions. I did see that Amazon removed negative comments, I have been a long time Amazon shopper, it's always my first place to go to look to buy anything I want. But I have trouble when companies put politics into their business. I am here to purchase things I need, if I wanted Amazon's push to the Democrat side, I only need to go watch MSNBC or CNN. I don't need it here where I shop.  I would hope that Amazon would stop this trickery of the legitimate posts. The book itself appears to me to just have been thrown together, with just a few ideas here and there, and expanding on them. Some of the content was just eye rolling bad. I won't say what, don't want to ruin it for anyone else. If you really want to make a legitimate comment good, bad or indifferent, you do need to get the book and read it all.
 One star for the woman who should be in jail and one star for Amazon deleting my review.
 Mein Kampf volume 2. If you've read first part no need to read this boring babble again.
 A sure cure for insomnia.
 How in the world did something like this get published? So bad it must be a joke.
 As an independent voter, I try to read as much about both candidates' positions as possible. This book presented nothing but incongruent visions of policy positions without getting to the meat of anything. Nothing to fix our ailing GDP growth, no real talk about the continued Fed stimulus policies and how to eventually get back to a normalized market, and nothing new to help real job growth.
 Read "Crisis of Character" before you vote ....  I'm going to try wading through this but confess, after reading "Crisis of Character" ... a book by a Secret Service agent about his time in the Bill ClintonWhite House... I expect the truth ...as is the Clinton style.....to be difficult to find.
 Should be in the Fiction section. Delusional, egotistical, and full of lies.
 Zero stars would be more like it. For a zero of a person. The book is a pack of lies just like the words that verbally come out of her mouth. If her lips are moving or her words are in a book- what you are hearing and reading is lies. Don't waste your money on this book.
 I did read the book, but borrowed it from a friend, who is a Clinton supporter and is trying to convince me to change my vote. For me there is nothing exceptional about the book, and based on my knowledge learned from my past occupation, most books, especially with a celebrity on the front, are written by some poor, anonymous writer who will do anything to get his words published, even if they are under someone else's name. I decided to write this review after hearing about the deletion of poor reviews. How many books were actually purchased. And also based on my past experience, how many people know of the scam of politicians by both parties to "sell" books to their supporters by the case. And if you happen to ask for one, you might be given a case or two.-
 If you believe in fairytales and magic then this is the book for you.
 The pages are too glossy. Not even suitable to wipe your butt with.
 The corruption is real. I borrowed my aunts copy of the book, and couldn't make it through the first few pages. She's a pathological liar, takes millions and millions from the Middle East, and is obviously in good terms with high ranking Amazon personnel. I should've known that deleting things is her cup of tea. Good job Amazon, way to not be biased...
 Absolute trash from the most corrupt and despicable person ever to run for president. Every sentence, nay, every word reeks of the phoniness and cynical manipulation of facts that this horrible harridan has turned into a black art form. The Hildebeest somehow manages to lower the bar even further. This woman is a bottom-feeder who hasn't yet found bottom.
 Wow, I paid the Clinton Foundation 5 million for this book, an ambassadorship and a seat on the State Department advisory board. Yes my book had deleted pages just as The One mentioned. The thing that makes me unhappy I paid twice the amount as The One.
 At least this is a good one to quote from when she lies again.
 Worst read ever!! I was really hoping to hear some truth come from her book but after finding out the truth in reality....she continues to lie in her book!! Don't waste your money!!
 She just phoned this one in. She had to do a book, but didn't put any real effort into it. Very disjointed and riddled with foolishness. Not worth a serious reader's effort.
 Together... meaning Hillapig and George Soros... the two make for a unique pair... two of the most vile, corrupt, anti-American swine ever to draw a breath... the book would sell much better if the paper was more absorbent.
 The way Hilary flip flopped on the Nafta deal and so many other issues, who can take her seriously? When she was the first lady Bill was constantly outsourcing her only job.
 Wow, I no longer have to worry about throwing my back out to get a good case of stink finger. All I have to do now is thumb through the pages of "Stronger Together".
 I would write a review but I don't want to commit suicide
 Started reading and gave up. Terribly written and lacks substance. Seems like a college intern was given the assignment of writing this over a long weekend. Grade:. F
 Having no intention of contributing to the clintoon campaign, I perused this load of dung at the bookstore. Other than the fact that there are no concrete or reasonable solutions presented therein, but only platitudes to the gimmees and the leftists who are desperate to maintain control of the masses, I couldn't read the words written for clintoon by some speech writer because every sentence echoed in my head with the nasty entitled tone the old hag adopts whenever subjecting us to one more of her diatribes. Don't spend your money on this useless campaign tool. The only thing she wants to make 'stronger together' is the federal government, and for this, we need to be afraid. Very afraid.
 Trash, Farce, Fairytale....
 Hillary's so STUPID that the Democrats demand that the moderator fact check Trump in the debate instead of Hillary herself with her 35 yrs political experience 😂😂😂
 This is awesome. 13% five stars and 83% one star (and you can't give it no stars)! And this is AFTER Amazon allegedly rigged or deleted reviews (in the finest Democrat style)!  Apparently actual Hillary fans (how many of those are there, really?) don't like to read much about her. They must be enthralled with the possibility of the first woman president, rather than her actual rap sheet, I mean, record. ("Isn't it obvious?") No sexism there, for sure!  If this Amazon rating is a reflective sample poll of the national electorate, Trump should have clinched it by early afternoon on November 8th!  Now what I don't understand is why liberals think that lying about things (like changing reviews) will help anything-- I'm not even talking about Hillary herself, I'm talking about the actual people supporting Hillary.  So Amazon, here's the deal: Because I trust my Tea Party more than I trust a liberal with a stack of cash, here's what's going to happen.  I won't buy anything else from Amazon until President Trump is inaugurated (and as you can tell from my order history, I buy a lot).  Share that profit, you Commies.
 I forgot it was illegal to rob a bank, so I purchased this book in hopes it would teach me how to use this in my defense. Unfortunately it provided no guidance.
 It is just a piece of junk.
 This book is terrible. It paints her as a racist using us black people for votes. Pander after pander. It would get a better review if it was a doorstop.
 After reading only one chapter I was over come with a desire to lie , steal and cheat .I could only imagine how I would feel after reading the whole book .
 Really? This book has lies, more lies...and more lies. All proceeds, if any are made, should be donated to Liars Anonymous. Maybe help some people.
 I have spent thousands of dollars on Amazon and I just read an article that Amazon had deleted the bad reviews of this book to help Hillary Clinton. I will rethink where I'm spending my money. Very, very disappointed in this organization. Don't get involved in politics Amazon, you will find your loyal customers will leave.
 This book was filled with misinformation. I'm sorry I purchased it. I feel cheap and ashamed.Are there any democrats who will tell the truth?
 typical liberal trash. Open borders globalist that HATE hard working Americans. They want to take away your jobs and give them to refugees and make you pay for the ones that don't want to work. Wake up America, if you want to have a country vote for Trump
 This is deplorable propaganda from a horrible rape protecting bigot. I can't believe I read this, let alone wasted hard earned cash on it. I read "Art ofthe deal", it was meh, but book is garbage.
 Like the title says -- blatant propaganda. Conveniently timed just before the election shows just how desperate this 'woman' is for power. Don't waste your time or money on this garbage. And screw you Bezos for censoring these reviews!!
 Won't buy this book. My time, as one of the Deplorables, is much more valuable. And what's this about Amazon finessing the reviews...?
 I read the book and it made me vote for Trump. Hilary is a discussing leftist willing to sell out the country to the highest bidder.
 Unbelievable. Just unbelievable. To quote Groucho Marx, "These are my principles. If you don't like them, I've got others."
 Pure Progressive tripe from cover to cover.
 wait to buy the book when it goes on sale for 1.00, then donate it to the Clinton Foundation and write it off, C501.c.3. right?
 Had the gross misfortune of finding this rag on the free book and magazine rack at our local coffee shop. Started to look through it, and boy was I sad! There were a LOT of comments that folks wrote inside the book. Not ONE SINGLE good thing was written about Billary. What a horrible woman! And she wants to be President? Aren't we in enough trouble from 8 years of Obummer? Do NOT waste your $$$ folks, go out and buy some cigarettes instead. They would be much better for you than this book.
 I was texting on my server- the way I always do- how was I to know- I emailed Russians too? Send lawyers, guns and money Bill get me out of this. I am an innocent bystander- somehow I got stuck- between a rock and a hard place- now I'm down on my luck.
 I read it while sitting on the can in B&N taking a crap. Guess what? No toilet paper, but sometimes you gotta improvise, adapt and overcome. You get the pic. The book gets one star because it saved me in my time of need.
 Like the Washington Compost this comic is best suited to lining ones bird cage. To think that the Washington Compost hired over 20 plus trolls to try and take down Trump. Jeff Bezo is without shame and a Hillary bootlicker.
 I will delete my Amazon account. This book is propaganda. Time to boycott Amazon when they take sides in an election.
 This book is trying hard to answer the age old question: How to polish a turd. As so often seen before - it doesn't accomplish its objective. Hillary comes away with an unbearable stink on her after this read.
 An ominously oppressive, socialist, globalist dystopian vision of america. Hilary Clinton has done absolutely nothing for her country except make herself & family obscenely rich on the backs of hard working american people from foreign governments who obviously expected play for pay.
 A bopk of TRASH. More of the same from this creature. She has been in our lives 30 years... has not done one good thing for our country... only put us in more jeopardy globally and allowed many to be killed as in Benghazi. She also lies to us constantly, puts herself above rules she mandates for us, and she despises the police force and milatary which secures all Americans. And who the hell knows what is really going on with her health after that seizure she had on 9/11... and she cannot go two days on the campaign trail without needing "rest"... Enough of her. Pathetic unethical witch!
 Garbage! Absolute garbage! Its filled with fantasy, lies, self-aggrandizing clintonesque speak (aka) more lies.  Don't waste your money on the bird cage liner. Spend it instead on stock options of Diazapen....you know the $900.00 medical devise that used to cost $3.00 until Hillary's buddy jacked up the price. Or spend it on guns.....before this psychotic bitch steals the election and tries to outlaw them. Or spend it on Trump yard signs just to piss her off - and to watch her eyes do that weird split thing they have been doing lately. That alone is worth more than the price of this ridiculous piece of fiction.
 A book worthy of manipulative Bezos.
 Bought the book, it is quite a bit of fiction. It was filled with many lies and Clinton ends up looking like a bafoon, but other than that it's a great book. Only Obama's book Dreams of my Father is worse.
 Crooked Hillary. If you believe her ______, youre apart of the problem. Dont waste your time reading this.
 Pure crap. Don't waste your money.
 Why is she not ahead by 51%? Is Tim Kaine a battery or eco-friendly solar powered automaton Yesman? If you're crooked and you know it, clap your hands! Short circuited eye movement choreography for the easily entertained. Also an ad for Super Glue, these 2 are stuck together at the shoulder for the cover picture. Just toss her in the van & roll on down the road, a rollicking good time with no sex, no rock & roll, but a lot of drugs.
 Killary Klinton killed my friends
 Everything is awesome. The last 8 years was super great, if you happen to remember that I worked for state most of the time. If you don't, then it's all Bush's fault. Um, vote for me. You are getting sleepy....
 I wasn't planning to vote for Hillary because she's clearly a liar and I think she believes she's above the law. Regardless, I read the book since it was on the new book shelf at my library. I think the ideas presented are awful and are based on a fantasy view of the world and our economy. It's amazing to read this and know that the Dems seriously believe this stuff. Amazing.
 I would have read the book, but "what difference at this point does it make???"
 This was a funny book. Seeing that it is not on the comdey list i have to give it a 1.
 I read this book with an open mind. The good: She does seem to have a sense of what this nation needs: Jobs. We need good jobs above all else.  The bad is her policy prescriptions. Overall, she presents only vague proposals using flowery language.  She is 69 years old and has spend all her life as a socialist liar and I don't think that will change... TRUMP 2016!!!
 Buyer beware! This book is garbage. Read about half of it and had to stop. Just a bunch of lies. Just a bunch of progressive socialist spin. She really doesn't live in the same reality as the rest of us. Another global elitist who has no problem lying, cheating and stealing. She will do and say anything to line their pockets while stealing from the rest of us. She has no shame.
 As a registered independent reading this book I found myself unable to get behind this propaganda garbage, half way through it I realized it was leaving me with more questions then answers. False Promises, unrealistic policies that will damage our economy, and most importantly the inability to take responsibility for botched incidents that put many americans lives in danger while serving as secretary of state. Do not waste a dime on this book, or do its your choice but people with intelligence and most importantly common sense will see right through this trash. Is this truly the best the democratic party has to offer?
 Not even worth one star but wanted to test Amazon's algarithym. This book smells like an elderly woman.. kinda moth balls and Werther's candy. Botterscotch. Anyway, Hillary is a witch vote for the other guy.
 There must have been a mistake the book I received was titled "Stronger Together" However the contents were a how-to guide for obtaining unimaginable wealth by running a RICO proof International crime syndicate from inside the U.S. government. The forward was dedicated to Money, Allah, and Alynski, it read "Killing Americans is my business, and business is profitable. Could not have done it without you! Smooches --HRC". review image
 This book is almost as atrocious as Hillary Clinton herself! #trump2016
 This book is propaganda. Another way for the Clintons to make money.
 Wow, how did these reviews change so much today? I truly believe Hillary should be in jail as well all the crony capitalists supporting her and deceiving the maleable TMZ public!!! I won't buy this book now as it is about as legit as her candidacy and FBI investigation. Let's get real America!
 This book is a mockery of American life and is full of lies and hate.
 Perhaps the concept of "Stronger Together" means Tim can help Hillary stand up as it appears from the cover of this book. The contents of this book are an awful attempt by a ghostwriter and only paint the following picture: "The last 8 years were AMAZING, and we can fix it."
 Hillary is now the most dangerous woman in the country. She's running for president. She should be in jail. If she were not Hillary, she would be. Read it if you must. If you are informed (not a democrat) you already know the drill. Kaine and unable, lying for votes. Another day ending in "Y"...
 America is the place where someone that should have been in prison twenty years ago, and again this year...can run for president. The worst part is 45% of Americans think she's great....
 I Cannot believe the lies and more lies in this book. If I did not live through it all I might have been dooped into thinking she was a Saint. And we all know what she really is, right.
 My father suggested this book to me. Thanks dad. I can't speak for the rest of my (failed, not very successful family) but I'm almost considering voting Trump after reading this book.
 Price of this piece of trash should be about ten cents, that would make it worth paper to line the bird cage. Amazon, stop playing with the reviews to make lying Hillary look better.
 Could not finish this book..do not waste your time or money! Truly from an extremely flawed candidate who should be serving a prison term instead of running for the highest office.
 Comes to ridiculously unfounded conclusions about nearly everything. This book has value as liner for your bird cage. Don't bother. A complete waste of time. Btw, Amazon.com, put the other reviews back up. Your attempted manipulation on behalf of your favored candidate only serves to highlight your duplicity. Don't be disgusting like her.
 I received this book as a gift, and must say I'm glad I didn't pay for it. It was torture getting though the whole thing, enough so that I've decided to vote for Trump on Nov. 8
 Cancer in book form
 I had acquired this book for a camping trip I and my family were planning. On the plus side it is a good sized book with over 200 pages, so the entire family was able to benefit from it. Now to the negative. The type of paper used in the printing of this book is so coarse that after a few wipes you are already looking for an alternative, (in drier climates where there is a scarcity of large leaves using this book will get old really fast).. In an emergency this book, backed up with some aloe, would probably suffice. I would still recommend bringing an ample supply of your favorite TT, Wet Wipes or even a bundle of old cut up T shirts.
 After having the flu, passing out, hitting her head, suffering severe memory loss each time that she has been asked questions about past events, having survived landing under sniper fire,(not) being so broke that she and Monica's boyfriend had to take items of value from the White House upon leaving, it was truly a joy to read such blather and bullsheep. A wonderful fairy tale written from a fantasy world of someone who knows it as only a serial sexual enabler would.
 The reason I dislike this product is because, GO TRUMP!!!
 Sorry excuse for a book! Wish you could give zero stars.
 Not surprising reviews are deleted considering 30 thousand emails were deleted, so what's several hundred reviews? Harambe didn't die for this. We deserve much better. review image
 More bu**s**t from a congenital liar. Unions not even buying in bulk like they've done in the past. JB paring down negative reviews reinforces what crap this book is.
 This was horrible. Hillary's ghostwriter is definitely not worth the few million she paid him to write this. It probably wouldn't even make good kindling or toilet paper but at this point, what difference does it make? Pitiful writing that still manages to capture the tired and sick establishment that is its subject.
 Unfortunately my copy has been run through Bleach Bit
 While reading it my mind "short circuited." She doesn't address the many extra-marital affairs of her husband. Which in my opinion is contary to being for woman's rights...she ignored the hurt and pain they went through. In fact, she added to by her denials. IF one is stronger together then why aren't they together?
 the last 800 who gave this book bad reviews have been killed in boating accidents all in the same week. strange you say, well where did their bad reviews go?  Vote Trump 2016 or the country is lost and terrorism will become the new norm people.
 Picked this book up off the ground yesterday, some bum tossed it in my lawn while mumbling something about 50 points ahead...saw who was on the cover and immediately tried to burn the blasted thing. Oddly enough it was untouched by the flames!? Next I tried to rip out the pages but for ever 1 I ripped out 2 popped up in its place. The weirdest thing is all the pages are blank and if you write on them it just dissapears, like it's been deleted or wiped clean....I'm afraid of this book and it's evil. If anyone has any suggestions on how to kill please let me know.
 Poorly written, boring, and contains several falsehoods that require a willing suspension of disbelief. I'm getting really tired of being lied to...
 I read the first few chapters at Barnes & Nobel the other day because I thought Hillary might have some new ideas. But no, the book is nothing but campaign BS. Nothing in this book will help bring us together. Don't waste your money.
 When I first looked over buying this book a couple of weeks ago it had over a thousand reviews. 80% of them were pretty brutal. I decided not to buy it but borrowed a friends because I didn't want to waste the money. This is a boring, ill written book that will put you to sleep. It's a monotonous read. I would think with all the people Hillary has employed, she would get several people to proof read it and give feedback. Is everyone afraid of her? Why didn't they tell her she needed to spice it up? I was hoping to learn a bit more than she reveals at her short rallies. She had made so few appearances I was losing interest. I have to admit I didn't finish it. I just couldn't. Go to her web site. The book is a waste of cash.
 I ordered this book from the Clinton Foundation for 2.5 million USD. It came with a certificate good for one free ambassadorship and a guaranteed seat on the State Department advisory board. I only give it one star because when I received the book I found all the pages had been deleted.
 I haven't bought or borrowed or read this book - and I don't plan to. My advice to Clinton if she wants a REAL best seller is to publish her paid speeches (now THESE are material she truly keeps TOP SECRET!).
 This is nothing more than political leftwing trash. The presctiption to destroy America. Hillary lies retold yet once again. How Sad!
 Not one believable point made. Full of easily debunked truths and a bunch of political lies. Guess what they say about her is true. Ugh
 My son gave me this book as a gift, which is why I didn't purchase it here, but I would have purchased it here but he beat me to it. So please, Hillary, take me off your Vince Foster "to do list." I would send you an e-mail but I am afraid it would end up in a bathroom e-mail server and get deleted.  Anyway, considering Vince Foster, Robert Bates, Ron Brown, and others, I don't want to whitewater, I mean, white wash my review. So Hillary, your ghost writer did a bang-up (no pun intended) job and someone no doubt will be given a Pulitzer, because that other guy already got the Nobel, so you missed out on that. Wait, maybe you could demand a Nobel for literature. Yea, you no doubt deserve it, because, after all, it's your turn. #HillaryForPrison
 At this point, what different does it make?
 I complete guide on how to destroy America.
 This is such bull crap. She should have helped our country all the years shes been in politcs. She only hurt us and her book is crap
 Most contrived piece of drivel ever presented short of the the person who proportedly wrote it. Don't waste your time or your vote.
 I purchased this book at a local bookstore. What a load of pretentious crap. Even more troubling is how Amazon came and removed all of the negative ratings to make the book's ranking appear better. This is similar to everything HRC does, play by her own set of rules, and get away with crap that no one else can. Disgusting!
 Bezos, why are you supressing the thoughts and reviews of hundreds of Amazon reviewers? You are acting exactly like !Hillary...
 After reading this, I felt like I needed to put ice on my brain. It was swollen and bruised from the abuse. Clinton presents herself as the authoritarian's authoritarian. He solution to every problem is more government. Crime a problem? You need more government in the form of more gun control laws (I guess the 20,000 gun control laws already on the books nationwide were just practice for the real solutions). Education not cutting the mustard? You need more government. Jobs all gone? You need more government.  She really should have titled the book, "Richer Together" as that's her big aim in seeking the presidency - maximizing her cash flow by selling the ultimate access, to the President of the United States.
 Exactly what I expected! Pure trash and lies from a sick female and her running mate. Expensive fire starter for me!!!
 Where do I begin? I laughed, I cried, I got angry. This is the worst book I've ever read. It's worse than a brochure for Mammoth Caves in Kentucky and less informative. Do not waste your money and especially your time reading this dribble.
 After the election, we will be  "Stronger To Get Her."  I read the sample - that was enough. It is obvious this book is written for the "true believers", i.e., the low information folks. Throughout the brief read, I was recalling events that showed they were lying, their stock in trade.
 I was really hoping for an inspiring message. We need it now. This is complete trash.... No way she wrote it.
 Garbage book, garbage person, garbage running mate. Congrats here is your one star for participating. Zero vision, same political lies, same sad im for the poor, kids, elderly...blah blah blah. All emotion no solutions. Rubbish.
 Couldn't get through the first chapter with out all of the lies and shading dealings she has been and is involved with If these reviews keep getting deleted I will not be supporting amazon and their political bias anymorr
 "Stronger Together" is a fundamental part of the Communist manifesto. This book could easily be an outline to implement communism or socialism into the very fabric of the Unites States of America.
 Instead of wasting your money on this book, donate to a charity. No. Not Clinton charity, of course.
 This book was given to me as a gag gift. Started reading it and sure enough, I started gagging !
 Even though "Bedpan" Hillary excels at everything she has ever done in life - god damn, what a remarkable woman she is!- I found myself disappointed after reading this book. There is nothing of substance in it, much like the imaginary speeches that Goldman Sachs paid her $500,000 to make. One is left with the impression that there is something inherently dishonest about Hillary. Maybe a 35 year sentence in a Federal penitentiary would make her a better writer?
 A motley collection of lies and propaganda for the purpose of legitimizing a monster of a sociopath as a valid candidate.
 It's not even a good propaganda piece. I would only suggest getting this if you are having problems sleeping. If so pick this up and just hit yourself over the head with it until you knock yourself out.
 If you can’t even win when the rules are changed in your favor, things must be REALLY bad.
 Hillary has no strength without others... literally. She can't even stand without help.
 I did not buy this book. It was given to me by a friend. When I told her that I would return it when I finished reading it, she told me that it was not necessary. I thought that was a little strange as I always want books I lend returned. I now understand why she said that... A BORING book filled with inane platitudes and sloganeering. The book could and should have been about 4 paragraphs long. Save your money and more importantly save your time. I offered it to some friends but no one wanted to read it. Ended up in the garbage. They were smarter than I was...
 If you think she lies a lot in person, you can only imagine what the book is full of.
 I received this as a gift because I support Trump & I "tried" to be open minded but it's nothing but lies & propaganda. The only reason I gave it "1 star" is because you CAN'T DO LESS. Despicable the amount of money spent on it could have fed a 3rd world country! So sad. Amazon is HIDING the many BAD reviews so as to satisfy their Washington Post ties "agenda!" Don't believe a word they or anyone else says.
 Simply put: Never Killary!
 Unfortunately the ZERO stars option was NOT available...this book is just AWFUL!
 I bought the digital version but a few hours later it was mysteriously deleted
 Pure trash. I'm canceling my amazon prime membership for this little stunt.
 I really wasn't sure who to vote for this election cycle since I like neither Hillary or Donald. I did my best to research each candidate myself. Totally independently. After months of searching for answers, I now know a few things are certain..  #1 This book is absolutely terrible. #2 If the book were actually about Hillary's personal views, She might have had a chance. #3 The evidence I found of Hillary Clinton speaking at various events and conducting interviews contradicts almost everything in this book. #4 I'm very pleased to say that I borrowed this book from a neighbor who coincidentally does not want it back.
 I wanted to see how they were going to repeat the Clinton Doctine success of Libya in the United States. I was not disappointed. These two know how to get that done.
 I dont remember if I bought this book. But what difference does it make ?
 I bought it thinking it was a marriage manual for truly ugly liberals. I live in San Francisco, and many of my friends ask me for advice, knowing my wife and I have been married for almost fifty years. The front cover looked promising, but I couldn't find anything inside that made any sense. However, most of the people I know that have disappointing love lives seem to love the book. I'm confused, and going to seek therapy.
 I had to return this book because it obviously wasn't written by Hillary. I wished they had the courage to put the ghost writers name on the cover instead to be more transparent but I guess that is just a campaign slogan. The ideas presented in the book are woefully misguided as they have been tried by many socialist societies in the past and clearly do not work. Maybe after her defeat in November she will have time to edit this and produce another edition that explains why she took this project in the middle of a campaign instead of daily campaigning to push these outdated ideas.
 Jiberish.
 Borrowed this ghostwritten dreck so I did not have to have any money trail to the clinton Foundation. HRC should get a refund from the ghostwriters. Almost as narcissistic as an Obama ipad....almost.
 This woman is so out of touch with reality. She should know by what has happened in 3rd world countries that her ideas have proven to be a disaster. The Maxist Twins ride again. This is a guide book on take your money and your freedom and redistribute it to buy more control and favors. There should be a chapter on what the Clinton Crime family did to Haiti.
 couldn't get past first 10 pages, I try to read but keep getting that horrible screechy Clinton voice in my head, I love politics, that's not what this book is!! its hellary trying to promote herself and her progressive ideas, total fiction, its like its written for 8th graders, sorry just not good
 1 star for the percentage of truth that is in this book.
 Like "Hard Choices" this is more of a party political broadcast than it is an insight  Full of self aggrandisement and with more dressing than a dodgy Waldorf salad this tome is all the more conspicuous for what's been left out rather than what's been included, I have to confess to not completing it but I doubt the last 15% would have changed the opinion garnered after the first 85%, This is a "book" for the gullible only.
 This crap comes to you courtesy of the most repugnant of the lot. I would rather drink the sweat from a marathon runner's socks than have to swallow Hillary Clinton's lies.
 This book was so enthralling, exciting, stimulating from its opening sentence, "America is great because America is good" to its finale. Masterpiece. So why the one star review? It's too stimulating and induced a seizure. Now I get overheated, fall over, look with a cockeyed stare, yell maniacally, and wear an adult diaper. Be warned: this book, while superb, could be hazardous to your health
 Riddled with notable omissions.  Heavy-handed, pandering, smug, and self-righteous. If this is the dynamic duo's best foot forward, I'll be writing in Bernie.
 Typical Hillary lying as only she can do. I was looking for a repeat of her 'Sniper" incident in Bosnia of reference to being named after Sir Edmond Hillary who climbed Everest six years after she was named. Pathology of a liar. Should be required reading for all psychology and psychiatry students to understand the sociopath in politics.
 This book literally lowered my IQ. If you think this book is worth your time, you must have a LOT of free time and brain cells to spare. Wait...mostly brain cells.
 We are stronger of a country by Hillary losing the 2016 campaign. This book doesn't talk about her emails, Benghazi or the Clinton Foundation pay to play with the State Dept. It also doesn't talk about that 70% of the major donors received jobs with the state dept. Don't buy this terrible book.
 Read this drivel whilst on the toilet, discovered I was out of toilet paper and put this "paperback" to good use, I just wish it was softer and a 2 ply.
 Where to start? The book is full of hyperbole and nonsensical views.Hillary Clinton rolls out tired old taking points in her lawyerly way that make no sense to the working class person. If it can't any worse the book is filled of constant lies. If this book was actually fact checked by actual journalists (Not Crooked Washington Post or NY Times) it would keep them busy for months on end. Just read the intro and you'll be fast asleep without the need to medicate yourself. The earns 1 star because it does help reduce prescription drug costs by eliminating the need to purchase sedatives to help you sleep.
 This item earns one star for being over priced. It gets the job done, but is 15 times more expensive than my usual toilet paper and leaves behind more scabs.
 Yet another collection of lies and perjury from candidates that have facilitated murder, fraud, violation of national security, treason.and more.  Here we have the 21st Century version of the pairing of Caligula and Nero. Their definition of "Stronger Together" is monstrous criminality and destruction.
 I would give this book less than 1 star, but Amazon does not support it! The title should be Mein Kampf as Bill's wife wants to dominate the world politics.
 Slimy book about slimy people. Slimy Amazon for removing a ton of negative reviews. Amazon's PR arm - The Washington Bezos is in the tank for the Clintons.
 After reading this book, I've been convinced to to change my vote. We can't let our country be destroyed. For the first time in my life I'll be voting for a republican.
 I guess I should have given it 5 stars because when I was done reading it, I wanted to Vote for Trump and Pence even more!
 This book sucks
 If you find Hiilary's speeches as the most exciting thing in your life, you'll find the book an OK read. If you're looking for a thought provoking, informative blueprint into America's future, this isn't it. Regurgitated policies that have proven to fail without citing any actual research to bolster any assertions makes it a tough read.
 Are you kidding me? This book is nothing but drivel. I think my dog may have been able to put this together in a few days. Anything in this book can be had just by listening to a few of their speeches and newspaper articles. Obviously, this is just a book put together to make some money.
 A psychopathic murderer of Nations is on the prowl to destroy what is left of this once great America. Only this isn't a fictional novel, it is a blueprint of Hillary's plan to decimate America for her own personal financial gain, greed and mad desire for power. Maybe it would be a good mini-series or remake of Rosemary's Baby.
 This was written by the most corrupt politician. She is a bold face lying and murdering piece of trash. If you buy this book, you are a shrill.
 I wanted to see what propaganda would be included in this book to actually convince people that by voting for her- we would be stronger as a nation. This book should include a barf bag. I didn't make it half way through. I'm saving if for colder days so I can use it for fire starter.
 You're taught throughout your adolescent years (and into adult) that you should not judge the proverbial book by its cover. This non-fictionLESS book will go down, in the annals of U.S. history, as one of the few glaring EXCEPTIONS.
 Total Propaganda and the most blatant lies I have ever seen in print. This was a very difficult read and the only thing I got out of it was, how someone could get away with writing this garbage and not be violating the law.
 This book full of lies.  And now, I'm likely on Hillary's kill list for reviewing this disgusting piece of garbage.  Reading Mein Kampf would be less offensive than reading the trash in this book.
 I sent an email to order this book from the Clinton Foundation and I keep getting junk mail on how to deleted classified information! 😕  I want to purchase the book for a friend of mine who claims to be a democrat, but I have to know if the book comes with crayolas to color the pictures.
 Hmmm Me thinks Amamzon,com is censoring their customers. So long Amazon, take your Prime and shove it up Bezo's ass sideways
 More propaganda from crooked Hillary...
 An entertaining read .. if you care for the typical political drivel that comes from (any) political candidate for any office in the United States of America.  Much of the book outlines plans for expansion and addition of federal social programs with the predictable mantra that we can pay for these benefits by asking 'the wealthy to pay their fair share.' As an accountant, I have some insight into what that means. Our good friends at the IRS (What? They are not your friends?) publish quality statistics every year regarding how much total income there is available to tax in this fine country. When your favorite presidential candidate tells you they can finance a new social program and pay for it using only tax increases on 'the wealthy,' know that it can not be done by any rational definition of 'wealthy'. Do not take my word for it, take a look for yourself: [...] . Another reviewer described this book as a "Blueprint for Nationalizing America's Future," and that assertion is correct. The expansion of social programs called for in this book will likely require that 100% of all income in the country to be sent to Washington as income tax; as in all income from everyone is 100% taxed. Delightful!  My basic problem is that when I see a book like this advance the concept that 'the wealthy' can fund expansion of social programs and I know the author to be intelligent (even if you do not like Hillary Clinton, I hope you will allow she is not stupid), well informed, and experienced in U.S. politics and budgetary matters, I must conclude that the honorable Hillary Clinton is well aware of the fallacy presented in the book and chooses deception to convince the people to cast their vote her way. (Right, I just used waayy too many words to call Clinton a liar. But you knew that already.)  I do not care to be lied to. So, I did not care for the read.  I think my favorite quote, in light of recent behavior by Amazon, is from the introduction; “… we should be protecting people’s right to vote, not corporations’ right to buy elections.” From a certain point of view, Amazon's choice to delete unfavorable reviews is just a means to take their vast resources and highly visible role in American commerce to inappropriately influence the election. I have to wonder if Mr. Bezos' ownership of the Washington Post has influenced that publications egregiously biased coverage of this presidential election?  No need to waste your time on this book.
 This is about the Hildabeast and how she attacked the Bernie people by swooping in on her broom and buying off the delegates by offering 'power' if she gets elected, well, guess what, she is going to be in for a big surprise. How do I know, it because the book is a fairytale based on the Grimm brothers. She's never worked together with anyone to further her evil ambitions. Originally this was one of the reviews the HRC's friend, Jeff Bezo's had deleted - now tell me something, does this smell like something just might be rotten in DC or was he promised something in her dictatorship, such as a big political appointment. This whole thing about working together is just another BS line from HRC, and should she get in, have the GAO count the silverware at the WH. The Clinton's are just pure evil.
 Someone loaned me their book for my thoughts on it. I could only read some of it. It is all lies. Like her. And him.
 I picked this up at a local book store. I'm sorry to say, it was very disappointing. If she wrote this, it doesn't show any great talent as a writer. It was difficult to read, but I struggled through until the end. I don't recommend wasting your money on it.
 Found this book in the 10-cents bin at Goodwill; I opened it up to find someone had used the book to absorb spilled motor oil in their driveway. Ironic? You guessed it.  All of the pages inside are saturated with the most rank, disgusting substance imaginable.
 Benghazi witch can't remember anything under oath only if she is getting paid for a book. Trump2016  UPDATE*** once again Amazon proves they are smarter than their deplorible coustomers. Look they are now changing 1 stars reveiws to 5 stars. Well played Target!
 With as many lies as Hillary likes to tell, even under oath. this should really be in the fiction section.
 A Nightmare For America's Future.
 Should have been titled how to get a career in politics and defraud the American tax payer all the while becoming rich and joining the 1%. Had to rate this book because Amazon "adjusted" the original reviews to be more "fair and just".
 Bezos removed thousands of negative reviews, yet they are still 85% negative. The elites can't hide the true feelings of the people. Trump in a landslide. We don't need a lying, corrupt socialist who wants to wipe out traditional America.
 I hope Hillary will sign my book when I'm sitting in the front row of the debate Monday night! Also, I never read this book after seeing all the negative reviews, but now they're gone after Amazon scrubbed them ... maybe the Clintons threatened to take out Amazon too???
 The subtitle should be "Socialist Manfesto for America". Lots of plans to spend taxpayer money with no attention to how to pay for it that makes sense. Basically, a blueprint on how to run out of other people's money.
 This is utter garbage. Lacking in any substance or any topics of interesting. This woman can not act natural in a bathroom, and can't even embellish her boring life to make it remotely interesting. We used this as kindling for the fire out back.
 Hoped for a better read. Just more of the same old same old. Tired, overused "bumper sticker" themes seen in the last two democratic campaigns. Hillary has had her day in the sun, and Kaine is just too white bread to be believable.
 Since Amazon felt like deleting my review, I'll post it again. I read this book after getting it from my local library, and it reads like an obituary for someone who lived in a box. The most boring drivel with no real clear point at all.
 As an independent voter this book sealed the deal, how could I ever vote for such a hollow shell of a person? On top of all the lies and disdain she obviously has for the voting public...staying home this year.
 I was loaned this book by a friend because I wasn't about to give any money to Hillary. She's making it hand over chunky fist from the Saudi's anyway, right?  Well, Cankles didn't disappoint. It was a ZZZzzzzzzz.
 I am glad I only borrowed this from a friend what a bunch of self serving trash with little to no basis in fact. This should be listed in fantasy /fiction. Don't bother unless all your brainless have been eroded.
 Hilliary Sucks Her books Blow, and She should along with Tim Kaine be arrested and Hung by the Neck till dead for Crimes against Humanity and High Treason against Our Country,. Do not support the Ouke Princess
 Sorry no stars was not an option, got this book and upon reading it , I found myself lying and cheating. Then after I finished my wife tried to read it and found all the print mysteriously was deleted?
 I think it is amazing how far she has come. She has waisted her talents. Instead of helping others her foundation ( less then 13% goes to help) lines her pocket. She is better together and her next book should be " My profit, your loss makes me better". All her plans for the USA are old promises from passed election that are only made to gain votes. Both parties have been self successful and Americans losers. We need a new face, a non politician. We need Trump
 The woman, in my opinion, is a pathological liar. The director of the FBI told congress under oath that she lied to the American public about several things related to her private server. She is incapable of telling the truth. What part of whitewater, the rose law firm records, her private server scandal, the travel gate scandal and other controversies that have surrounded her life for over 30 years don't you understand???? How about the one of a dumb Arkansas bumpkin who invested $1,000 in futures and somehow turned it into $100,000? Google that one.
 Trying to keep an open mind I decided to buy and read this book. My disappointment in wasting my money and time doing so is most depressing. The book continues to confirm the belief by most is that liberals are completely dilutional to reality. Horrible assessment by them for what ailes America consisting the clown in th Oval Office has been there almost 8 years. Did each of these knuckle heads think even the low information voter would not think about that?
 Terrible - I read 120 books a year and this is just awful....
 ugh, not sure which is scary, having hillary as president or her backup schmuck tim kaine? Waiting for debate to see Gennifer Flowers eye her down while HRC faints from "pneumonia" on stage
 Picked up this book locally. What a sham. This woman has spent her whole life in govt and hasn't helped anyone except herself. Filled with promises and lies. If elected we will continue to see the breakdown of society as she willingly wants to import millions of more people who hate America. Stay away from this book of lies and this woman.
 I fear for our country if this is her plan. More migrants unleashed. We will soon look like France, Sweden and Germany with people from Syria invading out country rapping our women. Then there is the 65% estate tax she wants in put on the middle class.. Are you kidding me? I am a democrat no more after reading this and I am now voting for Trump!
 I tried to give Hillary Clinton the benefit of the doubt but after reading this but I realize she's a complete fake. I wish I could get back the hours of my life I devoted to this book!
 Was able to get this book for free at a rally and got both autographs on it. Sadly, that is about all it is worth. Book is pure propaganda geared towards the 2016 election cycle and not worth the paper it is printed on but I think I can fetch a pretty penny reselling this being signed and all.
 Reason? It's not being provided as campaign material at no charge. Back in 2008 I went in to the local Democratic office to pick up an Obama yard sign. They offered me one for $5!. That was the first and last time I'll pay for political propaganda. The sign was promptly destroyed when somebody ran over it by driving into my yard, and by 2012 I'd have thrown it into the fire anyhow - a total loss in either case.  If the Hillary campaign posts the book online as a free PDF download I'll compose an actual review. Since I've researched the lady quite a bit over the past year, I seriously doubt if she'd like that review.
 Absolute garbage. Can't believe I have to give this rag at least one star. Poorly written, pandering, and filled with nothing but spin and lies. I painfully read through each page - it is a literary torture chamber. Trust me, you will be fine without this monstrosity. Unlike Hillary, I am not lying about anything especially how bad this "book" is. At least it makes greAt emergency firewood.
 The pages are not very absorbent and therefore do not make effective toilet paper. This is ironic since what is written on the pages is total crap. However, they might serve other purposes such as a good birdcage liner or effective kindling for budding arsonists.
 Bought the book as a joke for a lifelong Democrat-voting friend........ but it wasn't even good for a laugh for that rote ideologue, he couldn't get through more than a few dozen pages. We did agree, however, that Tim Kaine appears to be slightly developmentally disabled,though.
 Not to waist my own money.. I borrowed "Stronger Together" from a friend. What a disappointment. I was expecting more from the "Foggy Bottom" crew that wrote this book for HRC. She needs to hire better ghost writers. The words boring, dull and irrelevant are the nicest things I can say. Don't waist your time or $$$.
 I always get a twitch in my leg when I feel that I am being lied to......by the end of the book my leg had knocked over my coffee table, 2 lamps, a book shelf and I kicked the TV down a flight of stairs. I would have to say that I would not recommend this book.
 What a mess. I couldn't get through the whole thing it was not just boring, but simply about self grandizing. All they say over and over is how they are going to socialize America, and how hard working people are going to pay for it. It's nothing but a road map on converting this great country into communism. It was sickening and horrifying. Like a fiction novel on the end of the world doomsday. The scariest part is that if hiLIARy is elected, this book will go from fiction to documentary on the collapse of the United States.  Buy this book only if you want to waste money, listen to lies, and read the horrors of what is going to happen to America if hiLIARy is elected.
 Married to a rapist whom she vehemently defends and somehow Trump is the misogynist. Why would anyone buy this book?
 I read the initial free sample pages, and it is actually pretty good. Unfortunately it totally contradicts everything I have learned about Hillary Clinton from 1991 until yesterday, and thus I can only give it one star for such inaccuracy. Now, if Hillary had accurately described her previous character, and then explained why and how she was trying to redeem herself, I could have given it up to 5 stars.  Consider that I lived in the DC metro area from 1991 through 2005, and that I read the Washington Post and listened to NPR every day until about 1995. I have written over one hundred relevant articles under pseudonyms, and I've probably read 10,000 relevant articles, and had over 10,000 relevant conversations.
 Honestly such a disgusting book.
 I read this from a library copy. Clinton is not only a criminal, but she is a habitual liar! Why would anyone believe let alone take seriously anything she says or writes? Don't waste your time or money!
 Horrible Book. My sister purchased. I thought I would give it a legitimate chance in hopes of gaining some insight to the Democratic candidate for the President of the United States. Reasonably well written, but book reads as an insincere vision of future state America.
 Crap written by a serial liar who isn't fit to govern the dog pound. The great dividers talk of being stronger together. Together as long as you don't have a dissenting opinion. If you don't agree with her dogma, you're the enemy and someone who needs their voice silenced, their rights trampled, their views vilified. "Together", as long as you're not accusing her husband of rape or some other abuse. "Together" as long as you're not asking what happened in Benghazi, or why General Petraeus was prosecuted for lesser crimes than Hillary committed. Save your money...it's better spent on dime store candy that this spin-rich drivel which isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
 Book didn't flow well and although not complex still seemed convoluted as the writing was all over the place. It seemed more of a scatted defense of Clinton that of a positive message I had hoped for.
 Stand together and rob the middle class. Her charity only gives to the clintons.
 Horrible Book. Not genuine. Waste of time and money. Absolutely horrible read.
 The clintons are trash
 A poorly-written book about a clown and a terrible person. I was forced to read this book by Mr. Vohs, and I am so mad at him for making us read this vomit inducing book about two people I would not let feed my dog. I watched "Clinton Cash" three weeks ago, and it's pretty clear that this book is nothing but baloney.  Just think about some of the far-better things you could be doing instead of reading this book.  - using the restroom - sneezing - looking at a wall - sleeping  I have said my peace. Just my two cents. Remember what I said about looking at a wall.
 There is nothing new in this book, no fresh ideas or inspiration. Its page are just more of the same Hillary. The writing tries to be folksy, but when she talks about her personal life growing up, there is no interesting material, no interesting anecdote, that convincingly explains how and why she is where she is now. You can read this book in one sitting, although you will likely skim though, since most have heard it all before. I do not even know why Hillary wrote this book.
 Very bad book. Sad!
 This book has lots of ideas with no practical way to pay for them. Hence, this is standard political propaganda offered to current followers. Saying you will simply get "others" to pay for them is standard are these days. As an aside, Jeff Bezos alledgedly manipulating review levels reminds me of Fahrenheit 451, the movie depicting the Nazi era where they burned books they believed were threatening. Oh well, nothing here, move on.
 Totally contemptible that toady bezos is attempting to scrub the outpouring of negative, humiliating reviews of the Clinton book. Who does he think he is? Zuckerboig?
 I read the book and am glad i didnt actually have to pay for it. she left out the parts about how corrupt and dishonest she is. She failed to clarify how she earned her money while a government employee. Clinton has accomplished little in a 30 year carrer and iis the most corrupt dishonest person to run for president, after Bengazi, the email, the mishandling of classified information and all the other scandals she does not deserve to be honored with the office of the presidency.
 I did not buy this book, I went to the local communist reading room to peruse its chapters. It is an epic achievement of cliches strung together with pabulum that insults the intelligence of a house plant. Neither witty, nor informative I believe that I have come away less informed than when I started. Quite the opposite of a page turner, I was forced to cut myself repeated to obtain the will to continue to slog through this. In the end, it was horrifying in aspect. I would not read this book; however, if in Venezuela there is a very useful thing that one might do with its pages.
 He said he bought a copy of it for $1.5mm, which I thought seemed a little high until he told me it came with one get out of jail free card... apparently that's a real thing.  Anyway I started reading it, but about three pages in I started coughing and then passed out. When I came to I found myself under what I thought was sniper fire... turned out it was just gas.  So I decided to pick up the book again but then I heard the strangest noise.... it was my husband diddling some bimbo in his office. So I decided to do what any reasonable person would... I started harassing her and had her life ruined.  Once that was finished I picked the book back up and read a few more pages but I had to leave to go meet my black friends. They were so mean to me that day they said I kept talking in some sort of "fake black southern accent". So I went home.  When I got home my husband said it was time for bed but I told him "I don't feel no ways tired" so I read some more. Well a few chapters in i didn't like what I was reading, and had a feeling that I shouldn't let anybody else read this so I had the book put in my bathroom closet. But I didn't think that was good enough so I hired some guy off of Craigslist to delete what was in the book. Turned out he didn't know how to, but he asked some people on Reddit and they helped him.  All in all this is a really weird book *cough*
 Its tragic that Jeff Bezos is willing to risk the integrity of the ratings system to protect his Presidential Candidate of Choice, Hillary Clinton. The book is not worth reading and a waste of money!!
 Poorly written and inspiring, Hillary Clinton continues the fairytale (nightmare) while hardworking Americans struggle more than ever. Her plans laid out in this book will only continue to degrade the lives of families and society. She continues to divide America in her plan and rhetoric. Stronger Together isn't her real vision. The book is a sham just like she is.
 Well i tried to listen to the audio book but kept laughing so hard at the lies and unbelievable stories that I had to switch to something I could drive while listening to.
 Really, very poor book. A waste of precious paper.
 If I could have given it less than one star I would have. this book is one non-stop lie. Poorly written, it fails to mention anything that is remotely uncomplimentary or controversial. Why give money to a crook? Don't buy this book. Now let's see the Clinton whore Bezos remove this review like he has so many mothers.
 I'm not sure who really wrote this book, but it reads like a poorly-written commercial.In the rush to get it out there should have been some fact -checking. It's nothing I could recommend to anyone, even politicians and press who are already in the tank for her. Will she be our next President? I certainly hope not.
 Horrible book.
 Dedicated to the starving children of Haiti.
 Not a supporter, but read this with hopes of a better understanding of her position. Not impressed at all... poorly written... nothing new... waste of $
 A whole lot of policy in this book, mostly written in a boring way. Clinton's globalism (like Obama's) is putting Americans out of work -- permanently.
 Complete crap. As if the theft of the primary were not enough now we have to endure this filthy rag ans suffer her Manchurian candidat running mate.
 Don't waste your time or money! TRUMP!!!!!!
 Jeff Bezos why are you manipulating reviews
 More of the same communist rhetoric on how they will fix our terrible country and save us from ourselves.. Great if you have insomnia.
 I was expecting a healthy dose of Clinton rhetoric, but this might as well have been a campaign brochure.
 A wonderful book! I especially liked the chapter titled, "How to dress when you are attending a weekend at Bernie's". She advises a blue pantsuit size XXL and mismatched shoes. Then, the chapter titled, "How to be every man's ex-wife", with explicit instructions on screeching and nagging America.
 i tried to read it, but since I'm a Deplorable, I couldn't get past the LIES from her. You ask what is a Deplorable?What is a DEPLORABLE?? If you look at hillarys measley 100's in her rallies, and there are THOUSANDS at TRUMPS RALLIES, yes, I guess you could say there are more DEEPLORABLES than you think. WE know the TRUTH about her, and will VOTE accordingly. Contrary to the RACIST tactics you all try to pull, we want our AMERICA Safe, Free, with GOOD JOBS, and not having to worry about ISIS, or the MEXICAN DRUGS coming in and killing our loved ones. We are SICK and TIRED of paying for every LEECH that wants free handouts, causing our taxes to skyrocket, while others sit and collect pennies, due to NO JOBS. We want the tax money we pay out to stay HERE. Charity begins at HOME, and AMERICA is our HOME!! We want our VETS and SENIORS taken care of for a change, instead of Sharia Law Loving MUSLIMS. We've had ENOUGH MUSLIM TERROIST MURDERS in AMERICA, and we want it STOPPED. We want RELIGION BACK!! We want to gain our Respect Back that we had before. We don't want a president that every time something happens, she says "What difference does it make?" We don't want a president that "apologizes" everywhere they go for stuff that the others did. We ant a PRESIDENT that will stand UP for us and NOT sell us out. We are ALL Races, Religions, Cultures, and economic status with one common goal, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We ARE the DEPLORABLES!!
 Reviewing this book is more difficult than deleting emails on my secret bunker email server - Amazon will just purge my review if I don't prop this book up like Hillary needs help standing up to walk! Why all the censorship? This is America - is it REALLY about sales, or do we need to keep that negative light of her who shall not be voted for?
 Was really excited for this book, but then when I opened it, I found that 32,000 pages had been deleted. I asked for another copy, but they said the originals had all been bleached by the publisher.
 I feel stupid for reading this trash.
 I can't even use it as toilet paper.
 I wish you could leave negative five stars. I am to afraid to review the book for fear of the safety of myself and family.
 Poorly written, full of bad policy.
 Absolute drivel, a pile of fluff from a pathological lier. Although she will probably win a Nobel prize for it...
 If you love fantasy, you'll love this book! It's full of lies, deception, murder and hate! Yes, hate of America and what she stands for. Corruption, screaming witch, and much more! Sharia law, oh yes, she's for that too! Constitution and Bill of Rights destroyed as commanded by the "Queen" HRC! Yes, read it all for yourself, or live it, your choice!
 Reading this literally gave me a headache. I at least gave it a try... If someone wants my copy, you can have it.
 I have trouble sitting up straight, and though I found the text of this book cloying and insipid --the hardback version is the perfect size for propping myself up at speaking engagements and satanic rituals.
 HRC 's campaign slogan is her newest book title. Buy her book ago know her plan. She should give this away and not PROFIT campaigning. She is all about the $ and she can relate with those who struggle. I don't believe anything she says. She is only out for herself and is willing to step on everyone to get it done. What a waste of money.
 The reviews are worth reading. If you give it 4 or 5 stars, FBI Coney promised limited immunity for lying.
 Terrible book. I'd rather be strung up on a meat hook and beaten in a Siberian gulag than read this drivel.
 I was really hoping the book would tell me how to get cum stains out of a blue dress. Very Disappointed.
 Total waste of money. I thought I might have learned something other that white washed political pablum.
 Seems like a combination of all the progressive indoctrination she has had over the last 40 or 50 years.
 I borrowed the book. I refuse to fill the coffers of this lying, thieving, rape-enabling felon. I expected it to have a pandering, condescending tone along with a healthy dose of self-regard and it didn't disappoint. Don't waste your money. If you must read it, try to find a copy in a flea market.
 The cover says it all. Kaine holding up Hillary so she won't keel over, giving the Nazi Salute.
 Trying to think of how much money she would have to pay me to read this fiction. $50,000 maybe.
 To funny already found this book at a goodwill for 25 cents lol. I wouldn't even pay that much
 If I give this book a bad review will the NSA or the CIA hunt me down. Govt gone Wild...
 I'm not certain that the author understands actually how to be "stronger together"
 I mainly disliked the book because of the author and the book's content. Save your money for another purchase. I made it through half of the book and wanted to stop. I finished it hoping to find some redeeming qualities but came back enmity handed with a pit in my stomach.
 Michelle wrote this too...
 This is a fantasy book. Author can't recall many of the stories; so it's not real.
 Amazing that no one likes this witch. It's pretty clear America despises this atrocity
 How does one give a NEGATIVE 15 STARS??? Pathetic libturd drivel from the Dragonlady. I only have one vote for Hildabeast, and that is for Prison. Thank G-d I only perused it at the bookstore, I would never waste my money on this crap.
 From the first pages I realized that neither of these people had written this book. A ghostwriter went through speeches and previous books and articles to pull together talking points. There seems to be nothing here that is new, nothing that cold be considered to be other than political drivel that get spewed out over campaign travel dates. I read hundreds of books a year, both fiction and non-fiction, good and bad. This one is fiction, non-fiction and bad. Other than to point out Kaine and Clinton are running for office, there seems to be no reason for the book. Even if all proceeds go to charity (Clinton Foundation?), it is a thinly-veiled attempt to garner votes.
 How is this pure horse puckey permitted to stain the paper from our natural trees!
 I think the missing reviews have joined the missing emails.
 Horrible Book by a horrible lady. Seriously I wish I could give this zero stars
 Well this is a second time trying to post a review. Bad Bezos!  A neighbor gave me his copy as he was moving. I think he said Cuba. He used the term “idiot savants” to describe the effort Hillary and Kaine put into this book.  I have to admit, I picked thru the book as hastily as it was written. The book is a advanced form of lobotomy. After this brief read, I believe that the Federal government has a duty to protect us from Hillary's phalanx of indelicate energumens. That's why all of us must criticize the obvious incongruities presented by her and her trained seal Kaine. If anything, education will free us from the shackles of their spiteful Marxist theories, the knowledge of the world as it really is sets us apart, as these savants have no inclining thought as to what reality is.
 Thank you all for providing valuable insight into the inane political aspirations of these two LOSERS! I believe Hitlery will jam Tims harmonica down his throat when she blames him for losing.
 Stronger Without Them!
 Makes wonderful toilet paper, don't bother reading tho, just wipe and flush
 Last review never posted not really surprised. Just as well because looks like many people have bet me to a review and have done a great job. Recommend you read the reviews save your money don't buy the book reviews do the job
 Hillary Clinton is a snake who will destroy America
 I decided that I couldn't read the book because Tim Kaine looks like the clowns that have been sighted trying to draw children into the woods. It will take a lot more tweaks (like the polling tweaks) to help out this book.
 Who ghostwrote this?
 Book was a real bore. Nothing substantive. It's all just her philosophy not based in reality.
 I did not buy it, I borrowed it and could not wait to give it back.
 I am in perfect health and happy, but I am leaving a 1 star review for this book. If I strangely commit suicide this weekend, it was the work of a DNC hit squad.
 Worst piece of trash I have ever seen. Oh and her book sucks too.
 What can you say ? Does anything true come out of her mouth ?
 When would sick billary and Crooked Kaine have had time to write a 288-page book together? Like everything else with her, the book is a lie, the authorship is a lie, and it's deeply disturbing that they actually cut down a so many good trees to publish this garbage. . I enjoyed them immensely and thank the authors for hours of entertainment. No need to read the book because I'm not voting for Hillary, no way, no how. I don't even care what happens in the debates. Because, I am voting for Trump. But remember folks, unless the polls are as corrupt as Amazon corrupted her star-ratings, she is ahead in some key polls. Not by much but it only takes 1. So the thing is, we MUST get out and vote for Trump and if you can, please send his campaign money for ground game and ads. Please!!!! We must overcome the percentage of voter fraud so need more than 50 + 1 in order to win.
 I looked forward to reading this book but, wanted up being disappointed. I was a firm believe in Mrs. Clinton and was planning on voting for her. Now, totally not. She does not know how to be honest. I find it disturbing that it has come down to this. Trump is not the best candidate, but he appears more truthful and has been factual and believable compared to Mrs. Clinton.
 Is there anything in this book that is the truth, besides the names of Hillary and Tim? Poorly written from 2 political professionals. Not sure what to do with this waste of paper. Don't waste you $$$
 What a waste of time. Pure leftist fantasy propaganda.. ..
 SO weak, if she wins it is purely by manipulation. Does anyone realize that TIM KAINE was chosen to be VICE PRESIDENT in 2008 by THE DNC? ALL SETUP. FRAUD. This book and Hillary Clinton both suck.
 I read this hoping to connect with Hillary and my democratic roots. Doing so was impossible. At her best moments in the book, she is merely insincere. Most often, she is dishonest and divisive.
 Very disappointed in what you have done at Amazon and getting involved in politics. I have spend thousands and thousands of dollars on amazon, but after this recent stunt. I think I will pull back and keep my money for more important things. Thank you amazon for helping me save. TrumPence2016 (Trum-pets)
 At this point, Hillary, what difference does it make?
 I THINK THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE THIS A BUNDLE STRONGER TOGETHER AND CLINTON CASH THE MOVIE BECAUSE YOU WOULD BE GETTING THE FAIRY TALE BOOK AND THE TRUE TO LIFE STORY OF THE CLINTONS!
 Horrible Book! Horrible Ideas! And Shame on Bezos for trying to prop this book up by deleting reviews!
 They sell softer toilet paper at the grocery store.
 That i fell down and lost my shoe.
 Wait until she got stronger I will read this thing
 Hilary Clinton is a "nazi criminal". She has so many murder cases pending against her. She is not even worthy to be a Presidential candiadate, leave alone be elected.
 I listened to the audio version for as long as I could take it - with any volume at all she sounds like an owl screeching and out of breath. Hillary's monotone growling voice just bla bla bla mixed with trivial unimportant personal stories that are certainly conjured campaign lies about a boring liberal spoiled brat who sounds bored with herself. She should write a book on her health - call it "How I got a hole in my Tongue" or a exercise book called "Curing Cankles" with a chapter "How not to trip on a Stair Stepper".
 Seriously, if you want to write a fiction book, please label it as such. This was categorized completely wrong.
 Poorly written with many factually-incorrect statements. For the first time, I envied my feet. They were asleep.
 I just found the book to be completely boring.
 Wow, I was just trying and I stress trying to read this book that was leant to me by a friend. Just looking at how this woman plans on running the country (IF SHE WINS) scares the hell out of me. She truly has no idea that her plan (as she calls it). We would spiral into another recession. This woman is nuts. Did anyone else notice that throughout the entire book, Hilary references herself dozens and dozens of times. Man is she stuck on herself or what.
 What a waste of time. I bet Clinton and Kane hope to put $$$ in their pocket what about all the poor people out there that can't even afford to read this crap.
 I bought this, of all places, at my used book store! already? So, the price was right, 50 cents! I actually tried to read it. I wanted to find out what is in this "Team's mind" Clinton and Kaine. But, no luck. It is nothing but clips of campaign rhetoric and mundane editorial clips salivating over the Democrat party and Clinton. It has nothing of real political substance or factual information on either candidate. You will find all sorts of heart tugging platitudes, like a call for helping"children in wheel chairs" and "love and harmony" is thrown around a lot. But, there is absolutely nothing I could find about "How" to accomplish anything. It seems to be saying, "Vote for us, because we are nice and want to do 'the right thing". But, they never go into what they stand for, what their plans are, what they actually think about America's problems.  It's just a massive propaganda assembly. Like political ads and high praise and yet, no substance or depth what-so-ever.  If you are looking to learn something real about either of these two people who desire desperately to become President of the USA, (they never say why they want to be President and Veep, though...they just want it- Badly! ) you are wasting your money and your time. You will not find what you are looking for in this hopeless diatribe.
 This book great ! It has many alternative uses. For example, I ran out of toilet paper and I used some pages to wipe the democratic chit from my are hole.
 When you need friends at Amazon to delete your bad reviews, you might just deserve those bad reviews
 This book made no sense. The plot was incoherent and the main characters were unlikeable. I was hoping there would be a plot twist at the end that made it worth my time, but alas there was none to be found. Truth be told it reminded me of a propaganda pamphlet that distorts that truth to make someone look better than they are.  The better read would be Seven Principles of Good Government by Gary Johnson, who is coincidentally also running for President and will be on the ballot in all 50 states. #LetGaryDebate
 How do be a millionaire through politics.Only a person with dementia would believe this nonsense. I'm sorry I know George W Bush is voting for Hilary.
 Useless.
 Very poorly written and many times Hillary or her ghost writer take credit for events that she had nothing to do with. Absurd work of fiction.
 Weird. I thought there might be some secret knowledge only available to people who pay for it but nope... same stuff available for free on the website. Only Clinton would think this was a good idea. Not a very nice way to treat supporters.  I would recommend Trump's book Great Again: How to Fix our Crippled America, instead. Great Again: How to Fix Our Crippled America review image
 A book about policies proven time and time again to fail our Nation written by the woman who trashed the reputation of her husband's victims.
 Even with Jeff Besos' and Amazon's help, the truth about Hillary is out there and Trump will be the next president. Hillary for Prison, 2016
 The comments about how badly the book is written and how Amazon has deleted comments is sufficient for me to not waste my money on this book.
 Wow, you really need to hit a new kind of stupid to actually believe and enjoy this book. The same tired, repetitive, rehashed progressive talking points and cliches of "working together", "get economy working for everyone", "talking to each other", "more free stuff" etc. They are all laughable in that her and the progressive strategy is the exact opposite. It's all about being divisive and dividing groups by race, gender, income, age, religion, etc. and pitting one against the other.  So, she says all of these things we need to do like another infrastructure stimulus!!, make the economy better, work together, etc. because things have gotten bad. YET, in her campaign she said Obama did a great job and she will continue his policies!!!!!!!!! Obama has been the president for 8 years, so, so, if it has been so great, then why are you saying we need to fix everything and even another trillion dollar infrastructure program!!! If the last 8 years were so bad that you need to fix everything, then why are you running on saying you will continue an Obozo third term???  Liberalism is truly a mental disorder.
 What a joke
 This book is deplorable!
 As soon as I picked up this book I had a stomach disorder, I couldn't find my rubber gloves, so I tossed it in the trash.
 lies
 Nothing in this book can be believed. The woman is a pathological liar. Every time she opens her yap another whopper flies out. On top of that, she let 4 brave Americans die in Bebghazi and when questioned about it she said "WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE?" She is truly the definition of a horrible human being. Oh, did I mention she illegally used a private, non-secure email server to send classified state department business emails while she was Secretary of State and that despite overwhelming evidence of her guilt the justice department is so corrupt they didn't even take it to a grand jury? How corrupt can you get? Oh, and rhe book is nothing but left wing drivel. If you're even moderately intelligent you'll be disgusted and possibly even nauseated.
 Disappointing to read in the public news today that Amazon CEO, Jeff Bezos, thinks it is appropriate to prevent freedom of Speech on reviews of Hillary Clinton's book because he disagrees with the negative reviews. The Amazon Board should fire him immediately as this is so inappropriate to do within a public company or any company for that matter. If a cake baker losses their company for their believes, Mr. Bezos should lose his CEO role at Amazon for his belief that preventing freedom of speech is okay by changing it. If all current Amazon customers who are frustrated with this action and express public outrage over Mr. Bezos actions including their wilingness to stop using Amazon I think it would have a significant impact on Amazon and the Board would have to considering removing him. Brian Williams learned the hard way when you try to play games with the public. Considering Mr. Bezos owns the Washington Post as well, it makes a clear statement that they don't believe in true reporting either.
 Way to expensive for toilet paper
 I frequently read articles and books I disagree with. They generally tend to reinforce my feelings. I borrowed a neighbor's copy of this drivel so as to not contribute to the cause. Disagreement is one thing. Blatant exaggeration, misdirection, and the persistent assertion of manufactured "facts" blended with the foolish notion that we, as a country, are awash with money such that the endless supply of free stuff to the "takers" is eminently possible. This drivel is impossible to finish. The really scary thing is that the good reviewers can likely vote. Don't leave this around where the under-educated and under-employed might find it.
 This is simply a terrible book. Jeff Bezos is a fool for attempting to protect Hilary Clinton through his unethical deletion of reviews. I will no longer be shopping on Amazon and encourage all other level headed Americans not to as well.  (I'm sure this will get deleted)
 Crooked Hillary is a super predating traitor against us all. She's the face of the corrupt Democratic Party. The entire party leadership should be banished from participating in the U.S. political process for life. In addition, all of them who perpetrated crimes should be prosecuted and punished to the fullest extent of the law. Stealing the Presidential election of the U.S. should be regarded as high treason.
 Wow, I felt it was a propaganda book. I know many are writing just to say they hate it, but it is tough to read.
 All the pages were blacked out.
 A book of lies to go with a lifetime of lies. I read my brother's copy. Everyone should read this before they vote. If people read this, there is no doubt that they will be motivated to vote to make America great again.
 I wonder how much of this book is truth? Hitlery lies so much, you just cant tell when she tells the truth!
 Too bad amazon doesn't allow zero stars, or even negative stars. The "author" is incapable of telling the truth, so why would anyone buy her book? You can't even use the pages as toilet paper; you'd probably end up with a rash, or pneumonia, or some neurological disorder. I hope they didn't print too many of these; getting rid of all the unsold copies will contribute to global warming.
 The missing reviews were located on Anthony Wiener's computer... review image
 Garbabe.
 I bought the book to use as toilet paper for a hiking trip. It was just too rough on the but though.
 “Income and wealth inequality in America today has reached levels not seen since the 1920s. Corporate” ― Hillary Rodham Clinton, Stronger Together  .“We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire religion…Hate is not the answer to hate.” ~ Hillary Clinton, June 13th 2016  Trump wants to cut taxes for the super-rich. Well we’re not going there, my friends. I’m telling you right now, we’re going to write fairer rules for the middle class and we are going to raise taxes on the middle class.” Hillary Clinton, August 1, 2016 Audio and/or video clip available  “We need to get that dog and follow them around and every time they say these things like, 'Oh, you know, the Great Recession was caused by too much regulation,' arf, arf, arf, arf!” Hillary Clinton, February 15, 2016 Audio and/or video clip available  “As President, I will take steps to ban the box, so former presidents won’t have to declare their criminal history at the very start of the hiring process.” Hillary Clinton, October 30, 2015 Audio and/or video clip available
 This book is so bad, Hillarys camp made Amazon tweak the reviews. She's desperate folks, sad! review image
 OK, first a disclaimer. I have not read it and don't expect to. What I find amazing is that there appear to be more reviewers than actual purchases of the book. Can't she at least demand that government unions buy 50,000 copies like Jim Wright did?
 So many bad elitist ideas
 Bought this for my daughter for one of her College classes. Certainly not my cup of tea, but I reviewed it before the hand off. Noticed a number of this things... 1) What you don't talk about is just as important as what you do say. 2) Just because you say it does not make it so. 3) Glaring disconnect from the reality I've been observing and living the last 8 years. 4) Charts a course that dos not benefit the working American. Who the heck does she think is going to pay for these ideas?
 This tripe, allegedly written by KKK (Klinton Krime Klan) leader Hillary Clinton and her Jesuit Liberation Theology partner in crime, is a colossal waste of paper and digital storage space. They should have just written about their true intentions:  "We are going to do whatever the Banking Gangsters who pay our bribes tell us to do."  See how simple it should have been. The only thing about Hillary Clinton that I'm interested in reading about is when she's sentenced to a Federal SuperMax prison for high crimes and misdemeanors and other Federal felonies.  Hillary Clinton did perform one very valuable public service with this tripe. Amazon.com's deletion of thousands of unflattering reviews has publicly exposed crony capitalist Jeff Bezos and Amazon.com as loyal card-carrying members of the Feral government's organs of state propaganda (mainstream media & entertainment oligopoly). Jeff Bezos' The Washington Post is another Feral government organ of state propaganda (mainstream media & entertainment oligopoly) tool that is 100% in the bag for Hillary Clinton's totalitarian agenda for the United States of America.  HILLARY FOR PRISON 2016
 Hillary should be in prison for the rest of her life along with her rapist husband.
 Book is a waste of time... Slow read and boring. Interesting content is nowhere to be found like Hillary on the night of Benghazi attack...
 Our Country has been falling apart under the leadership of Barrack Obama, and I think it'll get worse if Hillary Clinton is elected. I've never seen people of our country so racially divided in my whole life. We are all citizens of this great Nation, and we should be treated equally regardless of skin color. Right now protests in Charlotte are going on for 5 days now. People are burning businesses and tearing up the communities. The Democrats have been hijacked by activists, and are ripping this Nation apart, it's time to have policies that aren't divisive, no more quotas, no more affirmative action, no more segregation. Let us all get along, we are all the same.
 This book should be classified under "fantasy". Or "horror".
 Reading a Batman graphic novel is a better use of your time. Though this book is a hell of a lot more fictional and funny.
 I gave it one star because it was labeled as non-fiction. Clearly that is a lie
 She needs to go away.
 http://mobile.wnd.com/2016/09/amazon-steps-in-to-fix-hillary-book-review/
 I tried unsuccessfully several times to read this awful book after checking it out from my local library. Several days later, I set the book down and fell asleep, leaving the book somewhere that I can't recall. When the librarian asked me to pay a fine for the lost book, I told her that I didn't intend to lose it, that I couldn't recall where I had put it, that I really wasn't even aware that library books are meant to be returned to the library, and what difference did it make anyway? She said that it was ok and the library would decline to pursue reimbursement for the book.
 What a bunch of propaganda. Look at her actions over the last 30 years.
 Just purchased this book Friday night.  It was an OK read. But the thing that really bothers me is that it is basically an unobtainable agenda written once again to promise the world to the members of society that are looking for someone to be their ticket to free bennies.  Time for Hillary to open her eyes, take responsibility for her actions and tell the truth. This books is a propaganda narrative, similar to what is heard in the strong man republics of S. America.
 Obviosly she needs Tim Kaine to lean on so she doesn't collapse if she has another seizure. Pray for her recovery, but certainly don't vote for her.
 Here goes my second review - Amazon removed my first critical review - so I'm writing another, and I'll keep writing them if Amazon continues to removes them, but this time, I'll write the review and save it - so next time it is a cut and paste job. So - here it goes... This book is really a waste of money if you buy it, and time if you read it. Even the Washington Post says: "WaPo warns: Hillary's 'Stronger Together' is 'a deplorable campaign book'. The book is just very repetitive and hard to read. It also makes it clear that Clinton is basically for the same thing that Obama is for. There is nothing original in this book. Given the serious economic peril our Nation faces - the fact that Clinton has to plan to address these problems is dire, and the book makes this plainly apparent. I wanted to give the book no stars, but that is not an option.
 Globalist propaganda from a woman who is in bed with George Soros
 More lies and exaggerations from a do-nothing couple of shysters.
 Quite possibly the worst book ever published....3rd grade level!
 Looks like we need to make up ground for all the negative reviews that were removed.  The book describes her basic nonsense from a evil unethical women and supposed coauthor who apparently helped write, publish, print and distribute the book within a few weeks of coming on to the Clinton Champaign.  We don't want you Clinton slither back into your hole and at least depart with dignity. Which is more than can be said about your life so far.  Vote Trump for the last hope we have
 Not worth your while. It may put your lights out with boredom.
 using the pages individually, this book will line a litterbox.
 A waste of paper.
 I was waiting expectantly for this book to arrive, but apparently the copy in our local library is defective. It is missing some very important chapters:  1. How to obtain a job delivering $250,000 half-hour speeches. My friends and family all agree I have a more engaging personality than Ms Clinton, plus I would have my dog perform tricks at no extra charge. I cannot find a single gig for a $250,000/speech job and was eagerly waiting on the book for information on how to do this.  2. IT and Technology tips. I would like to know how to run a major enterprise out of a public toilet. This could really reduce overhead at my firm and might lead to some $250,000 speaking jobs.  3. How to beat a Federal criminal investigation. One can never tell when this might come in handy.  4. Health and beauty tips.  I have attached pictures of some better Clinton books.
 My reviews keep getting deleted!!!!! Thanks JEFF!!!!
 Pulp Fiction. I hear they are short of TP in Lybia.
 This is just another poorly written book that can be used to launder money to the Clintons. Her overseas supporters can buy the book in bulk and the royalties will flow to the Clintons. She is using a very old scheme.
 Hillary Clinton Is going to delete this review.
 about as good as Hillary
 wat happened to the other 900 reviews ?????
 After reading this book. I feel like I am justified in not tolerating anyone elses opinion and when I get offended others must pay. It makes me feel like identifying as a man some days and a woman on others because, well, I deserve to be a country ruining biogot.
 This book is exactly what you'd expect.... Lies, propaganda, and general anti-American sentiments. Poorly written as well. Don't waste your time.
 Difficult finding any truth in the book.
 Not impressed by the book or her record.
 what happened to all the other reviews to this book?.... Maybe Hillary Deleted them. One thing she's good at. #CookedHillary #HillaryForPrison
 Hillary's "plan" for America is one centered on destruction of the very things that has made America a tremendous success story. Her plan for America is destroying our reputation abroad, making us less safe and destroying what is left of our economy by inciting class warfare and disincentivizing hard work and innovation via punishing taxation and over-regulation.  It's funny that a firmly capitalism-reliant company like Amazon would be so heavily invested in manipulating reviews to help promote the sale of a book that promotes a collectivist economic ideology. It's truly disappointing that Amazon has been caught red-handed deleting hundreds of negative reviews for this God-awful piece of garbage. Jeff Bezos is a dedicated Hillary supporter and that's his right to support whatever candidate he chooses. However, the manipulation of reviews by his company is both pathetic and indicative of modern liberal ideology that cannot tolerate a free exchange of ideas and perspectives.
 This book was a gift from a so called friend and I now can not give this book away. I could not even get past 20 pages. This pathetic​ loser Hillary is what is wrong with this country.
 Really? Takes a village to raise a child. Stronger as a team as long as HRC gets to be team leader, president, whatever. My sympathies for anyone who believes the propaganda and untruths dispensed by a serial robotic liar.
 Pure junk. Guess Amazon will be once again fixing the reviews to make it more in Hillary's favor. Remember liberals don't buy books.
 This book sucks and so does Hillary.
 This is one of the worst reads ever.
 Found the chapter, "Rapist Enabling for Dummies" second only to "Laundering Money from Foreign Governments" on the fascination scale. And if you'd like to get something about her campaign over in video, just check-out, "Weekend at Bernie's."
 I can honestly claim I read this book...albeit a somewhat painful experience. If you're the least bit insightful and objective, any reader will quickly sense the tone and aura of this near propaganda. I'm truly sorry I paid for this book, and will place more importance on future Amazon ratings. btw, fakespot.com continues to provide a real service in validating Amazon reviews.
 Just try to see if I can review it.
 My wife read it cover-to-cover. Afterwards I asked many questions about the book. I found that she had no recollection of anything she had read. What was the title? Can't remember. Was there any classified information in the book? Can't remember. Any mention of Benghazi? Can't remember. Email servers? Can't remember. Very worried about my wife's mental capacity these days. Lots of coughing and passing out as well...  Thought maybe she should read it again, but what difference at this point does it make...
 I could not put it down. I just could not believe how backwards the policy proposals detailed inside were for this country.
 She is a bigoted pathological liar. Nothing in this book makes sense or is verifiably true - it is astounding that someone allowed this book to go into print. Criminal globalists - attempting to pulverise the world's populations with poverty and squalor at the same time stealing billions (like from Haiti) to line their own pockets. They are without conscience or shame which profoundly advertises their sociopathic behaviour and pathologic enterprises. The Clinton Criminal Syndicate is just expanding like cancer, and Kaine is a mindless, stooge that is on board for his greedy desires. They make a good pair, evidenced by the rubbish they have put together in this book - did they even write it? - Kaine and Unable.
 To call these two authors is greatly stretching. To even call them human beings is a stretch. Other politicians look like saints next to these evil-doers. Steer clear if you care about the truth. If you like your communist propaganda with a side of chutzpah, you'll love this book. I still suggest waiting until after the election to read this drivel as it will be in the bargain bin and libraries will be giving them away.
 A fairytale book about a mythical political ticket. The only thing Hilarious made stronger was her bank account ....
 I couldn't finish reading this book. I got lost in the lies about lies and wasn't sure if there was anything left.
 The Clinton foundation is so corrupt that it makes me sick.
 Nazis and the Clinton gestapo want to steal your money. Trees are being killed to print this toilet paper.
 I got really dizzy and almost passed out while reading this but it's ok, just a little pneumonia is all.
 Thin gruel with a big spoon.
 Not as many pages at the Koran. Thicker ply. Non absorbent. Will clog plumbing. I prefer Charmin.
 Terrible book don't waste your $. Hillary is a liar and cannot be trusted to lead as dog catcher.
 Half of the pages just said "yoga", "grandkids" and"wedding" in a random pattern over and over again. The other half just had the letters all scrambled. Maybe the FBI got the actual book.
 Well, I'm an open-minded person who truly wanted to know what the candidates stood for - so I got the book. This reads like the modern day Communist Manifesto. The first few pages are positive, affirming, and put America in a good light. The remainder of the book seems to be written by policy wonks, intent on changing the nation they first called "good!" The "plans" are long on regulation, who will oversee, what will be required by the elitists, should America be foolish enough to elect them. But, the book is just as short on any hint of what benefit might be gotten, or how the plan might actually be implemented - except to call Congress do-nothings and obstructionists.  I see a lot of comments from people who say they read a bit...then skimmed. That temptation is great because this is not an engaging book. It's a policy lecture. What little explanation is done on any given topic, is only meant to strong-arm the reader into believing that Clinton's way is the only "right" way. Frankly, it gets incredibly annoying after the first couple of iterations.  If you want a Queen and a Chancellor, this book makes the perfect case for Clinton/Kaine. If you'd prefer a democratic republic, they do a great job of convincing you they're not the best choice.
 This book is chocked full of lies and deceit from the most corrupt politician in modern history.
 Between campaigning, coughing, lying and sleeping, how'd she find the time to write this book?
 worst book ive ever seen
 got the book, read few pages and was not impressed at all. selling it in next yardsale
 Hillary Clinton is a lying liar who lies and this is all this book is, a bunch of lies. Should be in the fiction department. If Bezos doesn't restore the reviews, I'm done with Amazon! I am so sick of these rich liberals trying to buy our government!
 Awful!
 The fix is in. Anyone giving it 5 stars is on the Clinton payroll or wants to be.
 The biggest lier ever
 If you give this book a bad review the clinton kill squad will come a knocking
 Wow, this is really disgusting reading this dreck from a criminal master mind.
 Shame on you mr Bezos. A loyal customer here and my loyalty has been shaken knowing that you can rig the reviews in favor of a politician.
 what is the intention of removing negative reviews. is it time to boycott?
 Okay, so I checked Amazon just to see if the story was true, about them altering reviews, then deleting them, holy cow! Memory Hole 1984!!! So I came here, laughed about all the reviews, saw the evidence, then I thought, okay, I'm here, I'm going to shop around - signed into my account and it wouldn't recognize my password - which I use weekly - So I click "forget password?", got my email code, and began creating a new password - I used the EXACT same password I had before, or at least what I thought it was - and Amazon said I couldn't use that! LOL, so I changed it a bit and had to come here and tell everyone about Amazon and their 1984 Memory Hole!!! Guess what Amazon - i'll never spend a penny with you again. crooks. Oh yea, so I'm an OIF Vet, so what you don't care, but we are one big family, I'll just sign into facebook after this and let all my buddies know what you're up to.
 Crazy
 This is a poor excuse for a book.
 Hillary Clinton is a vicious ultra-liberal snake and a murderess, and her book is full of self-serving lies and distortions. Anyone who wastes a single cent on this crap would be better off donating the money to Ted Bundy's defense fund. Ifyou have a bird or a guinea pig, do not offend them by lining their cage with this garbage.  Oh, and dear Bezos - I'll be checking this review. If it goes, my Prime membership goes with it.
 I needed a new trash can so I bought this to line it, works great!!!
 One of the most self-serving bunches of tripe I've ever encountered.
 On the first page, Hillary states that, "America is great because America is good." Then, in the rest of the book, they concentrate on trying to make the case that America is bad. NO, AMERICA IS NOT BAD, it's just had bad leadership for the past 8 years. This drivel was boring and slow.
 Political hack job
 Hillary For Prison
 Clinton does only one thing well: lie; Like all demoncraps, she professes to love blacks, but in reality only expects their animal devotion; she is all in for abortion, and most aborted foetuses, by far, are negroes, as negroes cannot control their animal impulses. Hillary projects herself as populist, but in truth she is totally elitist, feeling herself far above everyone else.
 bu yao bi lian.
 I ordered this book but half way through reading the FBI marched in and took it for evidence... Would delete again.
 I will put it in my bathroom, in case I run out of toilet paper.
 Horrible fiction
 This book sucks!
 I do not like propaganda. I hate poorly written propaganda.
 I would never waste my money on this liberal rag, although, when I see this book at the Dollar Tree on November 9th, I may pick up 2 or 3 copies to line my bird cages , or maybe I can get a few to start my wood burner up this year.
 This book is very useful for nothing.
 I couldnt get past the 3rd page... It seems that the rest of the pages have been deleted.........
 Horrible!!!! We should leave the lies on they internet where they belong. Not on valuable trees!
 A book so vile, even my parrot won't take a crap on it.
 It is pitching more of the same policies that may sound nice but have been proven not to work. This is a campaign piece. Other than those already determined to vote for Clinton, you will learn nothing new.
 Why should I believe anything she says? Tim Kaine is a fool. Don't waste your money.
 If you were hoping that this book was an opportunity for in-depth analysis of complex issues, for the candidates to show that they understand complexity and demonstrate how they manage and navigate it, you're going to be disappointed.  The book is actually a giant FAQ, with each entry receiving a 1-2 page response. Since each entry is meant to stand alone it's highly repetitive, often word for word and in close proximity. Because each entry is meant to be consumed quickly, there isn't much detail.  If, for whatever reason, you need an indexed collection of talking points close at hand then this is the book for you. Otherwise, it's not.
 Tried to read, but it was so full of lies I had to put it down. I tried folks, I really tried, but it's such an insult to my intelligence! Don't bother! Maybe Amazon should consider a negative star, because I can't even muster up 1 star for this waste.
 I almost got pneumonia after reading this garbage.
 Blah blah blah meh blah blah blah meh
 It's an awful reflection of an awful individual.
 Worthy bathroom reading and use as toilet paper
 Apparently there has been some frantic Soviet-style airbrushing out comments here.  But then, what else would you expect from hardcore statists... except mass graves.
 Punishing...
 ... but I don't remember because I had a concussion in 2012 and since then I don't remember anything I don't want to. Besides, at this point, what difference does it make?
 I can't figure out why anyone would wish to read this book. We know Hillary!
 I am not a big follower of the political scene. However, I am interested in the 2016 presidential race only because of the crazy dynamics on both sides of the political aisle. When I opened Stronger Together and began to read this book, it felt like propaganda. I would suggest spending your money elsewhere.
 All crap from a political hack who is only interested in herself and her ego. Actually I would give it minus 5 stars if that was an option. Don't waste your money.
 I was really expecting more details on topics like "How to remove all credibility from the FBI", and "10 must-do's to perpetually ride above the law".
 Boring and so much BS it floats on its own.
 For s group that compares Trump to Hilter, these two sadly appear to be working out of Hitler's playbook, divide and conquer . If she wns, I weep for the future.
 Read my wife's copy of this as she is a Hillary supporter. Glad I did. Filled with so much info that I was able to convince her to Not vote for this, the biggest Liar and Lawbreaker and national security risk to ever run for president. Amazon please start giving us ability for negative stars
 I would write a negative review but I'm afraid I'll 'accidentally' shoot myself in the head twice and burn my house down
 Truth is not her strong suit. It's clear that she'll say and do anything to get what she wants. She should be in jail with her disregard for U.S. security.
 Gave me pneumonia.
 I paid 9.59 for 288 pages of bulls***. I could have got a nice little box of bulls*** from Cards against Humanity for 3 dollars cheaper. What a rip off.
 I bought this book even though I read most of the reviews here. It is a well-written book but I highly doubt that Clinton and Kaine wrote it. If Clinton and Kaine had really written it, every page would contain more bs than it does. But the pair knows that bs sells and they oblige. Clinton and Kaine are the worst America and if elected we will all be annihilated except them, of course, when they are taken to a safe place until it's okay to breathe the air. They are first class liars and nothing in the book supports the title. Their individual achievements as laid out in the book would make a great horror story.  You have to make up your mind but I'm sure that the contents of this book will sour you on even giving it as a gift. I predict that the majority of buyers will discard this book as it leaves a bad taste in your mouth as you find out what bs tastes like.
 Why isn't this in listed under fiction?
 this liberal mess is a special view into her delusional world. her rude mindless anti fact low information supporters will be the only ones to enjoy it. anyone else will not enjoy this book surely not written by hillary.
 bs at best
 Disappointing that Bezos is consumed with elitist know it all to the point that he willingly attempted to mislead his customers by removing a majority of the negative reviews and leaving the 5 star. These tech big wigs are too big for their britches. Next they will be telling us outright that they have the right to dictate to Americans who their potus will be. They need some competition. Up and coming coming techies step up and take it away from them. They have run out of creative juice anyway.
 Read the book and I will tell you it is total garbage. It was hours of my life wasted that i will never get back. This book and the ideas Hillary Rodham Clinton expressed in it, make her sound completely disillusion.
 Politics as usual.. no end in sight..
 It reads like her PR dept got together and said we need to cover up fact the nomination was stolen from Sanders and for fire against Trump.
 Ever been prosecuted and have nowhere to go? Wow, the witness died. How did that happen? Do rules for common people have you down? Wow, nothing to see here. Plus, looks like millions of dollars from terrorist nations are in your slush.. I mean charity's account. Ever want to enslave an entire race of people while disguising it as charity? Detroit, Chicago... Everywhere! The DNC has this, and much, much, much more. Details of your campaign's fraud leaked to the public? Hey look, the leak got killed in a safe DC neighborhood. You too can support an icon of hate like Killary. Oh, you wanted to be like her? You're a commoner. Best you can do is join Killary's youth, AKA Homeland Security.
 I bought this book 2 days ago and stopped reading it after chapter 4, it's incredibly disingenuous and thus far nothing but the typical fabricated LIES Hillary Clinton is so famous for. You'd be better off buying it for fire starter.
 This book sucks big time as do both of the corrupt candidates. Hilliary deleted 33,000 emails while under congressional supeona then used bit bleach to wipe her server clean. What kind of a person does this? Afterwards taking a hammer to several cells phones. Not good folks. Not good.
 Terrible.
 This book begins well. The first sentence says, "America is great because America is good." It goes downhill from there.
 A book ghosted for Kaine and Unable? I cannot imagine a more nauseating way to spend time than to read such septic tank overflow.
 OMG, how do i get the last 20 minutes of my life back. After reviewing the book I decided my money is better spent on ant powder.
 More liberal drivel, really thought there would be some substants as to why to vote for the Clinton ticket. Disappointed again.
 Understanding that I risk the chance of being found in a state of suicide for being critical of HRC, this book was awful. It is full of self righteous racial drivel. Maybe it should have been named "Above the Law"!
 Wonder who the true author is. Undoubtedly some campaign hack who thinks we will believe Hillary wrote this piece of trash.
 Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election. The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result." Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too. The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?" Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket".
 I thought this book would address Hillary's comments from the 90's when she said that health care problems were due to "greedy doctors". I thought there must be some damning evidence - but no. I guess the was just projecting.
 Poorly written and full of crap
 Worse than worthless. Don't buy
 Tim Kaine looks like the clown it the movie "IT" very scary, ugly, funny looking creepy dude. Hillary is a freaking no good clown herself, if that sick, coughing, lying, cheating ho is elected it will be oversville for America. Like Trump said to the AAmerican's what do you have to lose, pretty much everything if that ho gets in. Want that pos obama on the Supreme Court, elect that no good wooman. She is ugly as sin, and her book stinks like the Democrat party.
 I'm concerned that if I write what I really think about the book my next Amazon shipment might get "lost" Therefore...the book was great I loved it I would recommend it to a friend.
 Seems to be a few mistruths in the book and ideas that have been proven over and over to not ultimately help people.
 could not finish it...horrible
 Very Boring book. Thought I would get some insight . It reads reads like a political agenda. Don't bother buying.
 I bought this book and put it on my bookshelf to read at a later date. Well, I guess the books around it saw something they weren't supposed to see, and they are all dead now. Looks like bookicide, but I highly suspect several were pushed off the shelf and fell to their death on the floor. I can't prove it and the other books aren't saying a thing. I am going to have to keep an eye on this book. Sigh, now it's coughing and won't stop, how annoying.
 Boring and drivel - life is too short to spend reading low quality books. There are 3 great books to read. Read Sweetbitter, Imagine Me Gone, or of you need a political book try The New Jim Crow. You'll thank me for not wasting a few hours of your life on this.
 A bunch of garbage and lies.
 This book gave me pneumonia just from knowing it exists, but at this point, what difference does it make.
 I assume after reading this, that it was written in a hurry. As a writer myself, I know things need to be editing, proofed, and rewritten before publication. If I had written this, I would not have sent it in yet. As an instructor, I would have returned this and asked if you researched this or made it up between classes. This book's quality sealed my vote! Good God anyone else.
 Don't waste your money. I received my copy as a gift, an iTunes card would have been so much better.
 I was reading this book when I went to put on my night stand but it went to fall of a sudden these guys in suits came outta my closet and caught it n told me were here just keep reading... If I had a choice between wiping my butt with this books paper and my. Hand well I need some sanitizer. Can't believe you killed trees to print this garbage. Most corrupt politicians in history
 Wasn't impressed. It's just an empty political book. I expected deep policy but that was missing.
 Very bad to follow and had to stop and return book. Made me want to vote against her. Even more
 I think Tim Kaine must be holding Hillary up on the cover of that book. Obviously nobody is holding her up on the inside of this book.  These people are terminally ill and just in denial. Donald Trump is correct when he says "the system is rigged." Rigged for him. She may not even make to election day in any kind of health. I have seen her symptoms before.  I have no problem with a Woman being President, but can we get one that does not have crazy pathological eyes and a really bad case of Granny Butt! If you have not noticed they are trying to pass her off with younger pics in her ads. Sorry Hillary you look like a beat up old lady. I recommend plenty of rest and a Priest.
 This is terrible...she says different things on TV than what is in this book. What a flip flop.
 No new information. I don't think HRC ever read this and I don't believe she wrote any of this.
 No real solutions. Sad.
 Toilet paper is cheaper.
 Started reading and after a few pages knew it was ghost written by DNC operatives. Time to go and wash my fingers of this propaganda.
 Tried reading it but was so boring I kept passing out like Hillary at a 9/11 ceremony.
 Utter and complete rubbish; ghost written by an illiterate!  'The Plan' is nothing less than the death knell of the Republic, the elimination of the Constitution and Bill of Rights as we know it, and the imposition from the top down of Progressive Socialism as a tool for the Controllers, Masters, Owners and Elitists (along with their salad tossing stooges) to finally solidify control of the greatest force for good the world has ever produced.  DO read the book. They lay it all out right there and aren't shy about it. Oh, you have to decode the ProgTard vocabulary, but they are laughingly rubbing your nose in their plans.  They HATE the middle class, minorities, the military and small business owners. HATE THEM. Their plans are to deconstruct, marginalize and gain control over all these groups... and they say so right here...  Aside from the content, the actual production and editing of the book is also miserable. You'd think for your election manifesto you'd pay for top class rewrite and editing... but no. It's like it was just a check box to do and screw, because they new most copies would end up in US Embassy waiting rooms in 5th world crap holes, USDA cafeterias propping up broken table legs and being used to start the diesel up in s***e burn barrels..
 I've been having fainting episodes, partial seizures, and coughing fits since finishing this little gem. I wouldn't recommend it.
 I'd couldn't even pick it up, i used tongs to place it in my fireplace. it didn't even burn well.
 Wait for the post election version, with the appendix of all the missing emails...
 Horrible,,, She claims her VP is the worst person for that position and yet???????
 Trump in a landslide!
 What a terrible book.
 This is full of lies and half truths, just like the butcher of Benghazi herself.
 One world order, open borders, socialism, along with corruption and having a associate of the Muslim Brotherhood as her right hand person shows that HRC is a trader. Read the emails she deleted that goes all the way to the top. Obama emailed her several times on her clitonmail.com sever but he lied that he only found out about her sever in the newspaper. What he wrote was redacted by the FBI because it was confidential information, thus ALL are guilty of " NOT TAKING CARE" and lying . There is no such thing as intent needed to prosecute for exposing state secrets. Obama, Hillary and the rest are a mix of subversives with corruption bent only on bringing the USA to its knees to join the one world government movement and to fill their bank accounts to live the privilege life. If this person is the next POTUS it will lead to being attacked from enemy states because of our much weaken military state that she will continue to cut along with her neurological problems. The worst though is that civil war may be looming to remove the entire DC government who for the most part are seen as all being corrupt or subversive. These people in power on both sides of the fence are scared to death that Trump will be the POTUS because he doesn't carry the baggage of lobbyist, corporations and big donors and he will open up investigations of all departments and remove all of the lackeys and subversives of the progressives movement along with Islamist who have infiltrated every branch of government. The combination of the progressives trying for one world order and Islamist trying to change our country from Christion to Islam has divided our country. Islam is a theocracy that subverts any other ideals or religion by the threat of death or death out right if your a Jew. This is why the middle east has been held back so far in innovations and moving into the present. Saudi Araba still teaches in their schools that every religion in the world must be removed by any means possible and HRC takes money from them and that's where HRC's Huma Abedin's parents live and put out the Muslim Brotherhoods messages of hate. This book is nothing but garbage not fit to be used to line a bird cage.
 Hillary for prison..TRUMP 2016
 From the cover till the last page this book has delivered uncompromising value. First two thirds of this book consists of previously undisclosed material, that have been very helpful in my daily life. The first chapters are all on yoga positions, including my favorite contortion: the lying puppy. The girth of the book includes wedding planning tips, and empty quotations from Bill Clinton. My favorite chapter of the book is titled "failing upwards", and it consists of tips on how to reset relationships with Russia.  The most practical chapter is on the topic of improving security in Libya. Buried in the end of this chapter is a chilling transcript of "The innocence of Muslims". After reading, I felt inspired to riot for no good reason at all.  I've grown better, stronger and wiser after reading this book. I encourage everyone to purchase this book before its launch in the 99 Cents Only store. I wish every country could have a leader as excellent at yoga, wedding planning and foreign policy as Bill Clinton.
 The only thing worse than this book would be these two in Washington......
 unbelievably vapid,
 I really like the noble ideas regarding unity in this book and agree that this country needs "the spirit of understanding" if we are to remain strong. I also agree that racism is an enemy to all of us.  However I am concerned about political rhetoric, since truth and follow-through are matters of record that define a person, their team and agendas. I struggle with the contrast of these needed "ideals" and the absence of openness regarding accountability and truth in public office. (Not hit hard enough in the book)  My biggest concern is that untrue, unaccountable politicking has allowed an elite and separated class of people to grow in power and corruption. This is not well addressed either. Rebellion of public officials to the “rule of the people” was glossed over as well. Cronyism and elitism are historically among the most destructive forms of racism.  Summary: I am left with the impression of a ghost written hypocritical politicking “story” that fails to realize the eyes of the American people are opened to elitist racism.
 Lacking details on what they would do for this country. Frustrating.
 My most favorite book of all time. I just love corruption and lies.
 Alas it was riveting in a vulgar sort of way, page after page of false information, stories that skipped over facts we've all known for years.My take on this is that while Yes we are indeed "Stronger Together" one must look at it a different way. We must remain strong and we should be out To Get Her. Return Hillary Clinton who has a penchant for low moral men including her husband and Vice Presidential pick who was so proud of his "open marriage" that he wrote about it, to the footnote of history where she should have remained.
 Many, if not most, of what she says is just untrue. She also never specifies exactly what she will do to fix all the problems. Hillary has been in national politics for over 30 years and she has never done anything and the book reflects it. Unfortunately, the book does not explain what the heck she has been doing for the past 30 years and why hasn't she fixed anything during those 30 years. Hillary does not say why or how she would now fix what she has been unable to do for the previous 30 years. Terrible book, do not buy it.
 This book is crap
 Dont like fiction
 Cough...cough...cough....
 what a joke. Hillary is a corrupt pos. over 20% of her campaign has been funded by saudi arabia.
 Your book sucks!
 Braindead awful!
 Crooked hilliary
 This book was written at a 9th grade level and should electronically link to fact checking sites since half of the crap in it was spun to make Hillary look like a hero when the truth paints her in a far worse light. I particularly enjoyed the part of the book where she slams her Nazi-saluting running mate, Tim Kaine, whom she had to reward with the VP slot after he was incentivized to step down as the leader of the DNC so that Debbie Wasserman-Schultz could come in and rig the elections for Hillary. Clinton actually called him unfit, but hey, look at him now! When you do a favor for Hillary Clinton you get rewarded generously unless of course she doesn't appreciate your work and then you're unceremoniously murdered by "suicide". I will not be saving this book or even donating it to Goodwill for fear that others will be subjected to the nightmares that I had after consuming this book. I will be adding this book to my compost pile in the hopes that the worms who eat it can make something decent out of the wasted paper this book used. Do yourself a favor, don't read this propaganda. Turn off the MSNBC and CNN and start thinking for yourself before it's too late.
 I'm going to buy this just to substitute it for toilet paper.
 I think we would be a lot stronger without the book or her.
 What's next fabricating negative reviews for Trump's books? Do you not realize that's 5th grade tactics? Not only should you be ashamed, you should be embarrassed.
 If Jeff Bezos feels it necessary to censor negative reviews, then I hate it already!
 fool us once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me...if you want to throw your money away, give it to the boy scouts or girl scouts, otherwise keep your money in you pocket on this stinker, or better buy a book thats entertaining like Clinton Cash, if your in to reading a fairy tale from the biggest tool after Bill Clinton then by all means hate away---it means you're a dedicated Libtard.
 I was hoping this book would hit home with real working people, but it seemed to smack of formula committee writing and the same old political tactics that have done nothing to help the bottom half move up to real success without fake government programs to enslave us on the government plantation. I was hoping this would be from the heart and soul of a wise person and not a trip to the free candy factory.
 What a piece of garbage written by a liar and a fraud. review image
 I couldn't recall what I read so I gave it one star...
 A piece of liberal lying trash just like its authors.
 Such a liar..
 The book was not well written, lacked substance.
 Full of lies and empty promises to a nation in hurt after 8 years of failed democrat "leadeship". What has this woman actually accomplished other than staying married to a deviant?
 A co-worker was so insistent that I give Hillery's new book a try. He promised if I read just the first few pages I'd understand why Hillery is our nation's only hope.  Well after 10 pages of pure BS propaganda written by a perpetual liar, my nausea and vomiting rose to an uncontrollable fit. Least to say, the only thing this "book" is good for is using the pages as TP during emergencies. However I'd advise that doing so may result in very bad rashes and skin diseases developing in the areas which make contact with its tainted pages.
 The book is full of lies just like her. I'm going to shred the pages and use them for my daughter's hamster cage. Bought the book out of curiosity and a waste of money. Nothing but lies.
 This was a very hard read. The information shared is widely available and nothing new has been shared. In addition there are no answers to the endless problems Clinton and Kaine share.
 Yeah let's just say I won't be voting for you.
 Hate to see her when she was "weaker"!
 She should be in prison! As a minimum a hospital for her illness.
 HRC needs to be in prison, not peddling books. HILLARY FOR JAIL!!!
 I love Hillary Clinton in particular and Democrats in general and I shall vote for her on November 8th; that is, if I am released in time to do so. Her plans for America are trenchant, perspicacious and practical. I know this because the little voices in my head keep telling me so.  They used to tell me to do awful, terrible things but the Thorazine helps!
 A good friend of mine is a staunch democrat..Unbelievable since she is a very kind and generous person..One of her cohorts loaned her the book to review..She always gives me a hard time for being conservative but after reading the book(she actually read it!) she has now come to the conclusion that Hillary is full of Crap..She said the book is nothing but blather about rob the rich and give to the poor,Etc..I think she is starting to realize that modern democrats are not really democrats who look out for the little guy but crony capitalist big government globalists. But she still is voting for Hillary because she is a woman..Go Figure..
 It was perfect...for starting our bon fire!
 “I didn’t buy this book or read this book, but I have read the reviews, and enjoyed hours of entertaining, fun filled reading, expressing the TRUTH, about a crooked, lying, corrupt, terminally ill Presidential candidate, who stole the nomination from Bernie Sanders, and who is about the steal the Presidency with the use of election fraud.
 I read this book with an open mind, but came away very disappointed. Not the least bit interesting or factual, for that matter. Don't waste your time with this one.
 The book is as dumb as people it is about
 What the heck is up with Amazon deleting negative reviews? Is this fraud and misleading consumers. I can never trust Amazon again. Can't liberals, including Jeff Bozo let politics play out based on the wishes of the voters without trying to sway vote as is being done by CNN. Pathetic that now, more or less, the media is state run.
 I'd rate it zero stars if I could. The book wouldn't even pass editorial review at an honest newspaper (by that comment I leave out the Washington Post and the New York Times who have shown they cannot no longer be trusted to report the news unbiased). If Hilary is really an environmentalist then she should pull this book and save the trees.
 I started to buy this book but threw up in my mouth a little when I saw the picture on the cover. Cannot recommend. I opted instead to purchase "The Conservative Case for Trump" by Phyllis Schlafly, Ed Martin and Brett M. Decker. It is much more palatable
 I loved this book! The author has mastered satire and I could not finish the first page before I was doubled-over, laughing hysterically. I sure hope Hillary ignores the book....or she'll have the author "Arkancided"!! Hilarious book. A real side-splitter. Oh, the knee-slapping satire. Bravo, author; BRAVO!!!!
 Just as honest and straight forward as is Mrs. Clinton.
 Stronger together. Who she and Willie?
 Why is this not under fiction? Why would anyone be interested in supporting or subjecting themselves to a pathological liar's thoughts spewed on text?
 The Narcissism is strong in this one.
 I read this book then tore down all the walls in my house looking for my Diazepam while someone was heckling me for reading such a deplorable book.
 They get on Trump for using his foundation for small money, what about the Clinton foundation for the billions it stole from Haiti? I wanted to read the chapter where I can learn how to become rich like she did...
 When I started to read I was gonna give her the benefit of the doubt. It was poorly written and seemed more like she was trying to convince herself than the audience of he qualifications. I could write how her career has had more failures then success. From her performance during the Watergate investigation. The fact that she couldn't control her husband and his affairs. Of the fact that she really wasn't qualified to sec of state. But hey I quess its not about what you know but who you know as long as you are a white women. Funny how she and her husband claimed they were broke when he left office. Yet the can buy million dollar homes, and start foundation's. I wish I could recommend this book but I can't. The more I read the more I could imagine the chains of oppression being forged by her policy's. Save your money. But if you have to get a copy, buy it when you go camping that way if you run out TP you have something to wipe your bum or start a fire
 Got my copy. Everything is redacted.
 I only posted so that Jeff Bezos was not the only person responsible for reviewing the book. America is already circling the drain, a vote for Hillary will flush us altogether. Get well soon, Hil.
 Trash written by a serial liar and opportunist with a man, using the term loosely, who claps like a seal at each utterance from the serial liar. The Cliff Notes can be summarized as follows: "Were she not on the road to the White House, she'd most certainly be in the Big House".
 Crooked Hillary and Kreepy Kaine may be stronger together, but who ever wrote this book is not telling the story of America. Not one word about Hillary's lying about her e-mails or Benghazi. A shame, I am very interested in both subjects, but not one word. Shameful.
 Absolutely nothing to learn in it.
 Just keeping the reviews accurate.
 Lame duck losers trying to not be.
 This book is more propaganda. Not worth the money. Hillary has been a longtime follower of Saul Alinsky. It would be easier and cheaper to just read Rules for Radicals as it is available online for free.
 This wasn't worth the time nor effort to read
 All she does is lie and now she wants me to buy her lies. No thanks. She is a despicable human being worthy of a stint in prison.
 I was amazed after reading this gloriously shilled novel at the level of disdain for America. The authors trying wish to bend the constitution until it is gone completely.
 Criminalistic, self-serving, false, and a arrogant case of badly written prose (should have picked a better ghost writer).
 I tried to read this tripe, but I couldn't remember how to read! So I bought an eCopy, but it was compromised because I downloaded it to my own home brew server in my bathroom. However, Cankles can always affod to write another, amiright? review image
 Dear Amazon, STOP pandering to Hillary Clinton and let peer reviews that do not violate your terms stand.  Four days ago (the morning of Sept 19) there were 898 reviews of this book. By evening there were 983 reviews. The reviews were merciless and many quite funny (though mostly accurate). This morning I look and there's 209 reviews. Hmmmmm, what happened to all those other reviews? Apparently Clinton has friends at Amazon.  Edited to add: In the WND article there was a comment " This may be the first book to receive more reviews than sales" and I think that's possible. Meanwhile Hillary is laughing all the way to the bank. First she gets an $8 million dollar advance from Simon and Schuster for her last abysmal failure and now she's getting somewhere around $14 million for this book. The woman could hustle Bernie Madoff.
 The worst book ever. Written by a lying, deceitful, entitled woman and her pawn. May her campaign fail MISERABLY!!!
 Worst book I have never read!
 Garbage! Poorly written lies.
 This book gave me crazy eyes.
 the book like her is useless
 Crooked Hillary. As if she hasn't cheated us enough now wants us to shell out hard earned money for more lies?
 Pure, unadulterated, liquid excrement! Even Mrs. Clinton's cool-aid drinkers won't read this pathetic scree! For the hardcore Democrat party lemmings however, just stick to attempting to read the doors on public bathroom stalls
 Such a terrible book. Full of lies and distortions. Glossing over the problems that only the Clintons are responsible for. Such a waste of paper.
 As expected, two condescending money grabbers trying to pull another fast one. This book is a total waste of time and does not deserve 1/2 a star.
 If you have insomnia and the midnight infomercials dont put you to sleep, get this book. I cant read more than 5 pages of this incredibly mindnumbing insanity. Not sure if this book should be listed under fiction, comedy or self help
 What a complete waste of money and time! It is BORING reading and full of lies. Returning this lousy book.
 This book is bad made for TV docudrama. First, there is no way these two could have credibly written it in such a short time. Second, it is self-serving and not exactly factual or consistent with today's realities.
 The book gave me seizures.
 What a horrible ...oh wait...who just came in my door....who are you?! Get out of here!!  aslkdjf;aksdf;kl alka;slksdlfk ja;kfd;alksdf asdlk;  Shot in back of head  .lsdakf;lasdjflasdflkjasd;fl asdfasdfasd fasdfsdfqpo weriuqweotu0p9 8750poj ;  call 911! cal 911  asdfas;dla qwq wasd dsafal k;s ljasd lkasdl  Some woman wearing drapes from 1970 did it!  gurgle...gurgle...gurgle... review image
 Make America Great Again.
 Terrible, book was written in 2 weeks and it shows. I going to try and return and get my money back.
 It appears that Fox New is reporting that Amazon is DELETING Negative reviews of this book. HMMM? I didn't find anything in the book all that truthful in my opinion. It was boring to me to say the least. My friend wanted me to read it to see what I thought, well I think its just a bunch of propaganda to get another DemoRat in the Whitehouse. Come Hillary, you ain't changed nothing in government since you been in it, its time for a real change!
 HILLARY FOR PRISON 2016!
 For one thing there was zero way that Hillary and Tim wrote this book in two months sense the Democratic convention. The book is a means to get around the election funding restrictions and a way to provide money to the candidates personally. Pro Hillary groups will be 1000s of copies of this book. Watch the prices will drop to $0.01 after the election. When thing this book shows is that Hillary is amazing at making money for herself and family.
 This was made up trash.
 A friend who is a liberal give me this book the other day. I'm an independent voter in PA, and haven't made up my mind so I decided to take a look. I was surprised that someone like Clinton who's even in public office for decades has so few real accomplishments to her name. Can anyone really name a single things she's accomplished as first lady, senator or secretary of state that's been a rousing success? This book alludes to the fact that she's been a champion of causes like women's rights and protecting the American workers, but frankly it is sobering that she's got nothing to show for all those years she put in. This is propaganda pure and simple. I wouldn't recommend buying it.
 As an avid Amazon user, I am hoping my comment will be deleted just to prove the theory...
 What a load of crap!! You can tell that publicists actually wrote this with very little input from Clinton or Kaine!!
 Cankles and the clown.
 Crap sammich would be better than a reading of this book. Save your money and vote Trump.
 if there was less that one star i would put it. it was so boring fake and contrived.....
 A friend gave me this book, as I try to stay on both sides of the political isle, it lays out a plan of taking from as many different forms of American freedoms to give to those who don't want to work and get free handouts. Its sad that our country has come to support big government, without seeing the consequences. We will be taxed into prison. When the hardworking American cannot pay their taxes, what will happen. Everyone will stop working. Will the government come throw all of those people in prison for not be able to pay taxes. What about all the freeloaders who get the handouts? They will be the ones to come arrest everyone? The future is bleak in this county if Hillary wins, I pray for all of us.
 I don't understand how two candidates running for the highest offices in the land could possibly have had time to write this book in little more than a month. Years of observing politicians has made me very cynical regarding their words and deeds. Sworn affidavits from Clinton and Kaine should be included as part of each book stating that the candidates are in fact the actual authors. Knowing that this will not be the case, I dismiss this book as a blatant propaganda piece no doubt ghost written by the candidates' speechwriters/propagandists.
 Hillary had me killed
 About what I expected
 Since My review was deleted after the news article came out they are deleting reviews I am going to publish another one. I will continue to do so. Shame on amazon for censorship... 1984 Orwellian censorship... Crap book...
 She talks of our Constitution, but obviously does not underhand it's significance!
 MYTHBUSTERS ALREADY PROVED YOU COULD POLISH A TURD. This book is an is an attempt to polish two of them.
 Truly a poorly written, confusing piece of work. I tried to have an open-mind reading this, but it is clear that Hilary is not about America. She is about Hilary and wants to grab more and more power without regard to who she hurts or steps on. Also, if you care at all about the Constitution, you should really take a close look at her and her beliefs. She is SCARRRYYYY!!!
 My time spent reading this book would have been better spent slitting my wrist.
 Awful, just awful. Hopefully Kaine is strong enough by himself to pick H-ILL-ary up off the sidewalk.
 Saul Alinsky dedicated his book to lucifer. Hillary loved him so much she should have done the same.
 Your description for a one-star rating sums it up nicely "I hate it"
 A - stands for Abysmal, B - Stands for Book, All together now - What does C stand for? Hillary?
 There were over 1200 reviews giving this book Horrible reviews. Amazon stepped in to help her cause  There were over 1200 reviews giving this book Horrible reviews. Amazon stepped in to help her cause, makes me wonder who's life was threatened in order to manipulate. This corruption has to stop. I once thought Amazon was the #1 Trusted company in America, and with this I think I would place them in the other basket of deplorable's along with CNN and all those other lying propagandist. Full disclosure, I did not purchase this book, however I did read the reviews, it was great comedy!
 Terrible, disgusting, sorid. HRC is a criminal. Just looking at the cover makes want to puke.
 One of the most uninteresting reads anybody has ever written. Much like Hillary-zero charisma.
 More of the same drivel. Thank God I did not buy this book I read a friends. A waste of time.
 Hillary Clinton should be sitting in jail instead of writing books and running for president
 Not much time put in to writing this boring book. What does Stronger Together really mean?
 By page 30, I just want to delete what I just read. A snooze for sure.
 Why would Bezos lose any sense of objectivity and use Amazon to sway people to influence this election?  [...]
 Is there a -5 star rating? This lady is out of touch with Americans.
 I was going to read this book … I really was. But just as I got started, I found myself under sniper fire, passed out, and fell and hit my head. After that I got double vision and had to wear glasses that were so damn thick I couldn’t even see to read. As if that wasn’t enough, I then had an allergic reaction to something and started coughing so hard I spit out what looked like a couple of lizard’s eyeballs, my limbs locked up, and I passed out and fell down again, waking up only to find out I had been diagnosed with pneumonia 2 days earlier. Somehow I managed to power through it all, but it’s a good thing I was able to make a small fortune on this random small trade in the commodities market (cattle futures or some such thing) and then, miracle of all miracles, a few banks offered me a few million to just talk to their employees for a few minutes – and all that really helped out because I swear I was dead broke and couldn’t figure out how I was gonna come up with the 6 bucks to pay for this book, let alone pay the $1,500 for my health insurance this month. I still want to read it, but, honestly, what difference at this point does it make? I hear it sucks anyway.”
 Page after page of pretentious garbage and unrealistic platitudes.
 It reads as if it was written by consultants. It makes a lot of promises, but nothing very concrete and nothing very specific. There is little if any description of how the goals set forward in the book will be achieved.  I have difficulty understanding the rationale for certain sections. Why, for instance, is NAFTA and Clinton's criminal justice reform criticized (obliquely) in section 1, while George W. Bush's suggestions for gun policy are praised in section 3? Why, also, do the authors champion their own objectives for Puerto Rico rather than acknowledge island's right to self-determination? These seem like strange ideals, for the Democratic nominee.  I honestly don't know if I understand Clinton's platform any better than I did before I read the book.
 This book blows!
 Crooked Hillary!
 Was disappointed. Thought it it was "Stronger to Get Her"
 This package of bulls*** is a WMD. Don't let Iran get hold of it!
 After reading this book it is no wonder she deleted all her emails. Why would anyone put so much effort into sounding exactly like Hitler?  -Building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. *Hitler's economic stand -Making the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II, including infrastructure, manufacturing, clean energy, and small business. *It says since WWII, because Hitler was the biggest investment prior to WWII -Making debt-free college a reality and tackling the student debt crisis. *Again Hitler's dream -Defeating ISIS, strengthening our alliances, and keeping our military strong. *Still sounding like Hitler, just added ISIS in the front -Breaking down the barriers that hold Americans back by reforming our broken immigration system, ending mass incarceration, protecting voting rights, and fixing our campaign finance system. *Damn if Hitler do the same thing -Putting families first through universal, affordable health care; paid family and medical leave, and affordable child care. *....Hitler much?! And her stance on abortion.... Shared view as our favorite mustachioed dictator
 Sorry Bezos, you lost my business - I know it won't affect your bottom line, but it sure makes me feel better.
 First off I am only giving this one star because Amazon does not have a negative star to offer. I purchased this book to try to better understand why so many people seem to ignore the facts and support Hillary. I thought maybe there was something I was missing. Maybe I was wrong about her. Well? Nope. This book is barely readable. Just horrible from beginning to end. Hillary's vision for America is for everyone to bow before her. Hillary believes she knows what you need better than you do.
 Just a bunch of crap!!!! More lies. Go away..... how about you pack up and move to IRAN
 Nothing more than a piece of propaganda disguised as a non-fiction book.
 Decently written as one would expect however its hard to believe anything that comes out of this political machine. More of a fairy tale than non fiction in my humble opinion. No confidence in this pairs ability to create real change. I believed the character cast by Crisis of Character rather than this propaganda...
 Do not attempt to read this book. It will give you Cancer.
 Useless parroting of Hillary Clinton's failed, liberal policy projections. Her economic plan is a proven a statistical failure. While paying lip service to helping minorities, the Hillary Clinton policies do the exact opposite by punishing job and wage creators.
 Save your money.
 Same tired campaign talking points only in book form - just keep moving, nothing to see here - she can only speak when a pro writes it for he, poll tests to be sure it works and then holds it in front of her on a Teleprompter - this just eliminates her so you can read the talking points rather than listen to her read them  Worthless and meaningless
 Uh ohh Hillary's at it again. Deleted 1 star reviews!
 Forget whether you like or hate Hillary Clinton. This book is just pure drivel. A ghost-written rush-job to support the candidates' election campaign and bolster their claims to 'intelligence' (caution: actually reading the book may have the opposite effect.) There is nothing new or interesting here, even for someone who has a genuine interest in the authors' positions.
 How can you believe anything a proven liar has said?
 Waste of time reading this book by crooked Hillary.
 I love my country. Always will. This election, not so much.
 The whole thing is just a fake with bunch of lies.
 Book sucks. Who would vote for this criminal?
 Adding a 1 star review to make up for one of the many that Amazon DELETED. Amazon's CEO is in the tank for Hillary, and the disdain for what us peons actually think about Hillary and her platform is staggering. That's why Amazon's CEO, Bezos, had the negative reviews removed.  The original review had all the standard complaints about this book and the lies therein, but I don't feel like recreating it so Amazon can just delete it again.  I'd give this book negative stars if I could.
 I was given this book to read by a friend who is A Democrat and he thought the book stunk. FINALLY we have something to agree on. I've never read a more childish or pollyanish treatment of difficult issues in my entire life. Don't waste your vote or your money. I suppose my review also will be cleared from the list by the Bezos police, but at least I got this off my chest
 I borrowed this book and found it absolute, total drivel. It's hard to believe any impartial publisher would put out this "vanity work of fiction". Spend your money on a latte instead.
 A friend of mine leant me this book a few days ago. The ideological arguments within this poorly written piece of non-literature are completely inconsistent with any form of reasonable logic.
 After reading this book I am even more convinced this woman is NOT qualified to serve in any capacity in any government except her own. This is all fluff and not substance. I keep it in my bathroom now, in case I run out of necessary paper. She panders herself out to any crowd, any audience just to get elected. What a self-serving hypocrite.
 Crappy book
 Read Clinton Cash, don't waste your money....
 If I could give it 0 stars, I would. This is just a compilation of rhetoric rather than the "blueprint" it claims to be. The few policy details outlined are impossible to do without bankrupting the company. Did HRC really write this? Looks like another vehicle for her to make money. No longer an Independent for HC.
 Look at where they get their money and you will see this book is complete bogus nonsense. She failed at following simple practical security protocol, under her lead at the State Dept half the Middle East burned down and genocide is being carried out in multiple nations.
 It's unintentionally quite funny. The sad thing is that they believe that either these idiotic ideas will actually work or that there are people stupid enough to believe that they're serious...  It's interesting to read what they think people want to hear.
 I don't hate it, but the correct star is not available. Every time I put it in my cart, the expected "Proceed to checkout (1 item)" button changes to "Delete now."
 I received a copy of this from a friend. She paid me to take it. Read about half. If they were still alive, I would think it was written by Mao Zedong or Vladimer Lenin. Personally, I thought a more fitting title would be 'Doomed Together, do as I say, not as I do'.
 I was going to buy this book, but the reviews are so bad that I just cannot bring myself to do it. Don't worry Hillary, all my dead relatives are still voting for you. Most of them will be voting for you multiple times.  Any good recommendations on books that are TRUTHFUL about crooked, murderous, psychopathic Killary?
 Laughable,
 Lots of BS
 This wasn't about writing a book people would actually read. It's simply a vehicle to deliver millions to her campaign and pocketbook in exchange for influence and power.
 Just a rehash of tired old speeches and slogans.
 What a revolting collection of mindless drivel. Marxist propaganda by any other name with all of the terrible scndals surrounded HRC and her husband bubba conveniently left out . Truly unpalatable.
 Just finished using her last book recently. Picked this up at a local trip to target to help me get through a messy time. Worst. Toilet. Paper. Ever! Every page already had feces on front AND back!
 I expected some insight.....something new. Maybe just a little information. After 30 years plus being the "smartest woman in politics " she sure can ghost write a crappy book about nothing.
 Everything in this book is full of lies.
 I was going to read this book, but I got a bit confused (Short circuit, I guess) and forgot where I put it. But at this point in time, what difference does it make?
 I couldn't keep my one good eye on the pages.
 Clinton's are bad people. Treated my decorated Marine friend poorly while stationed at HMX-1. Trump is on to something to make this country great again. Police Chief Ruben Ortega even stated to the media in Salt Lake City that most crimes were committed by illegal Mexicans. He is of immigrant Mexican parents. Look it up people.
 I dont know which is more dismal .... clinton's book or the amazon clinton ass kissing going on with the review deletes.  apparently Amazon CEO, Jeff Bezos, who owns the Washington Post has to cook the reviews to get his progressive crusader on some appearance of solid ground.  didnt work bezos. for her or you.
 This book proposes an agenda that would harm the country. More control by the government is the wrong approach.  If you have trouble sleeping, this book may put you to sleep.
 Totally ridiculous. Just another example of lies, deception, paying people off, pride, rebellion, and corporations with power participating in the false schemes. This should be a total and utter embarrassment to everyone involved. However, even they are redeemable if they speak truth and turn from their ways.
 I bought the book and I wanted to get straight to the juicy details, so I said to myself, "okay I'll just skip the bulls***." Read the whole book in 0 seconds
 i found it to be self aggrandizing in the least. it was purchased for me as a gift. i read it with great objectivity and found it to be very dis appointing.
 Atrocious garbage!  RobertM
 I had a lengthy, in-depth review all written out. My problem is that I stored on my private email server located in the bathroom. I "accidentally" deleted it. Darn it.
 How do we know that she wrote this? She has no recollection of anything else that she has done. So, how can she remember to fill 200+ pages with facts and interesting anecdotes?
 I started reading this book with am open mind hoping to get a better understanding of Mrs Clinton but after the first chapter I found that it was starting to sound more like a fantasy and not the real person I thought she was.
 I would say...don't waste your time.
 Boring and full of empty platitudes.
 You Can't Fix Stupid. Trying to write a book full of lies or fixing the reviews. Pure criminal with full intentions of being dishonest and criminal.
 This book is shaky at best, and not very believable. I use it in the bathroom at 3:00am to prop up my server. I was disappointed that it did not contain any classified material (at the time). The spine was also broken.
 Horrible book. I tried reading it but it seams to have been written by i total liar or something because nothing it in it is true.  Love deplorable # 233,333,333
 Wow, utter social pablum. Detox please
 THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN TERMINATED!!
 The book was a boring read and did not offer any sensible positive solutions to help strengthen this country. Would not recommend.
 Poorly written. Terrible book by a terrible person. Where did all of the reviews go, Amazon. Keep it up, and I will shop elsewhere, Jeff
 I saw that reviews for this book were removed. I wanted to voice my concerns and enter a 1 star for such antics. Sorry Hillary that you are the beneficiary of this review... no good deed goes unpunished.
 A exercise in Intellectual Dishonesty
 full of clichés, a very arrogant condescending view of the world...very disappointing... but explains a bit about why her campaign is on the loosing streak. This book may be the last nail in her presidential aspirations....
 The book is well written in that it is understandable and organized.  The content is scary. This, like so many other publications from her, is simply a dressed-up introduction to socialism.  That being said the socialist concepts introduced in this book sound deceivingly good to many people. Equality for all.... Free or low cost medical and social services...Free post-secondary education...But the truth is that the idea goes sour VERY quickly once it is realized that there is no such thing as a free lunch. The White House lawn isn't being planted for money-bearing trees. Ask all the voters that were big fans of "Obamacare" and are now being penalized at tax season because they don't qualify for this Obamacare and can't afford their own.  So many sheep....
 Stupidest book I ever read!!!!!
 I actually read this book, with the interest that someone would give a car accident as they pass it on the road. I gave it two stars because it is made out of nice paper and has a color cover. On a serious note, I can sum this book up in a few sentences. Every proposal is to take from the folks who have worked hard and give it to others. The 65% estate tax is just a start. Clinton's gone off the deep end in an attempt to rally the extreme left.  "A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury. After that, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits with the result the democracy collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing, always to be followed by a dictatorship, then a monarchy." - Alexander Tytler
 My original review was deleted. Luckily I didn't delete that email.  Such a horrible book: "I'm great, yeah!" review image
 Borrowed a copy and read a lot of it before deciding I'd had enough. Though they try to make it sound nice, there's much too much socialism involved. Study history. Socialism has NEVER worked well and never will. Redistribution of people's money is a huge incentive killer and the antithesis of what made this country great. The programs outlined in this book would be very, very expensive. Either taxes will greatly rise, consumer products will cost substantially more and/or our federal deficit will explode even more than Obama's record breaking rate. There's no such thing as a free lunch. The cost of Hillary's programs would vastly exceed the benefits. No question. I just hope our society won't have to re-learn these lessons the hard way.
 Nothing new here. Tired old failed vision of a prosperous Clinton future. They prosper, America pays for it.
 Hillary in White House is like a real life weekend at Bernies. Dragging her around, propping her up, falling out of her shoes, then pull the cord in her back and she reads off TelePrompTer. The sheep say "baaaaaaaaaaahhhhh"
 I am appalled that Amazon is deleting and manipulating customer reviews for political reasons. Bezos, you should be ashamed of yourself.  I have not read this garbage and will not read this garbage because I already know what it says, "we will give you lots of free s***". What it does not say is how it will be paid for. We can not continue the failed direction that Obama has led us on with monumental debt and nothing to show for it. I beg you to vote Trump in November, he is the only chance to save America.  If this review gets deleted I will be cancelling my Prime membership of 15 years.
 Save your money. Total gibberish. If I could give it no stars I would. A sloppy piece of work, campaign propaganda.
 Worst Coloring Book I've Ever Seen!
 Terrible. Just like Hilary.
 I tried to read this. Wanted to learn Hillary perspective. Was so shallow and simplistic. A total waste of money.
 I expected this book to provide me answers that I searched for to restore my faith. I expected her to clear up many of the controversies that have plagued her campaign. Her words seemed just as shallow & meaningless on paper. Explain to me... "Why would you delete e-mails after being instructed NOT to if there was NOTHING TO HIDE?" I expect more from a president. I expect someone who will own up to their mistakes instead of pointing fingers.The book was no better than "meaningless attempts to buy votes." I expect More!. {I am also a single home owner and supporting my 90 yr old father. I pay $560 a month for health insurance yet I can't afford to go to a doctor for fear of them finding something wrong with me as I can't afford the $6,000 deductible! AND NOW YOU WANT TAX PAYERS TO PAY FOR COLLEGE TUITION? ENOUGH ENOUGH?!}
 Drivel
 i was going to set up an Amazon Give Away program with the book but....well,.... seems you can't even give it away!
 Choose the option below that best suits:  • I would have given it no stars, however, this was not an option.  • I have read more brilliant insight and vision in "Harold And The Purple Crayon".  • Somewhere, Leonardo DiCaprio is crying over the loss of the trees that were pulped to make the paper for this....most likely on the deck of his superyacht en route to his next undeserved Environmental Award.  • I would rather shave a badger's balls than be seen with this book in my hands.  • You can almost hear the chalkboard screeching cackles as one struggles from one page to the next....oh, wait, that's the audiobook version.  • Some side effects may include cankles, a fetish for Chairman Mao pantsuits, and Non-Contagious Bacterial Pneumonia.  • Available at Walgreen's and other fine retailers...
 The book was what I expected. More of the same bragadocious pandering from Hillary. Definitely not worth the read. I gave this a 1 star only because I didn't have the option to give it no stars.
 Complete trash and lies.
 Vomit between two covers. The only saving grace is that it wasn't an audio version read by the witch herself.
 This book could have been written alright. I didn't completely agree with some of the tone. But, it is an election, so some propaganda is expected. The thing that sunk this book for me though (about 80% through it right now) is that too many "facts" are cherry picked. The data on crime, guns and economy stand out. To say that America has more gun violence when compared with other nations is not the descriptive data point to use. When comparing America to it's own history, you can easily see that gun violence has been decreasing since the early 1990's. But, this doesn't fit the narrative in the book of a gun violence epidemic. I give it a 1 star review. If that facts choose were different, I would have given this book 3 stars at most. I thought the tone was a little condescending, so wouldn't give it any higher then that.
 What is next? Telling us what we can and can not read??
 Pure propaganda, plain and simple.
 I was given this book as a gift. I'm not sure that I will still classify them as a friend much longer, but they knew that I was not sleeping well and assured me that I would be put fast asleep if I attempted to read it.  They were 100% correct. The reading was more difficult than a Philosophy book written in Latin for a PhD program.  I believe that the book has been misclassified as it should be under the fiction section.  The nicest thing I can say about it was that it cured my insomnia, but it is painful to read.  If you think that you will garner any sort of logical thought from the book, then do not by this. But if you need to put to sleep without chemicals, this is the book for you, but be prepared for a painful read.
 Garbage in, garbage out.
 Hillary for Prison 2016!
 Unfortunately no mention of the Clinton foundation, which is what I really wanted to know more about.
 I've never read this much propaganda/lies all in one place. Just thrown together. Awful book
 Straight up self loathing propaganda, I do not support trump, she is as phony as they come.
 Hillary's book Сильные Вместе, was originally published by Russian publishers months ago.
 Terrible book a waste of paper. I liked her first one but this is just plain propaganda.
 fox bias alert report amazon delete thousands of one star review of this book. this is the war between MSM and normal people. amazon seems didn't know that almost all the five star review actually are sarcasm. there are no positive reviews are all.
 Sure glad I didn't pay for this, it was a gift. Not worth the paper it was written on
 Move on folks, nothing here. Fake book ghosted by what looks to be a grad student.
 I'd be willing to bet it's all lies just as I find everything else she says to be
 Propaganda. Period.
 Just another Clinton crap sandwich. Cant believe a word either of the clintons say.
 I accidentally left this book on top of my laptop and it erased the hard drive. If that was the book's intended purpose I would have rated it higher.
 Whatever this woman says, you can bet that the opposite is usually true.
 More lies from crooked camp Hillary. Even when truth is easier it is evaded. America will be much stronger when the progressive left is out of power.
 Poorly written and full of lies...what would you expect from Hill?
 it is difficult to understand what is fact and what is fiction
 The Streisand effect is real.  #HillaryForPrison2016
 Thrown together. Not well written and full of spelling errors.
 This book, like everything to come out of Hillary's mouth, is just chalk full or outright lies.
 I received this as a gag gift and did gag as it was read. Following George Soros's directions, Hillary views are no different than the Fabian Socialist and other uber left-wingers she has aligned with. Not believing in burning or throwing books away, I read this cover to cover and became more amused and concerned that so many fools will actually vote for her.
 This book is a fraud just like Hillary Clinton. What a joke!
 Lies, lies and lies. I had to shower after reading it.
 Feels like it was written in a rush, bunch of mumbo jumbo.
 I borrowed this book and it's pure Clinton propaganda. If you didn't know her, or her history, or her problems with telling the truth you may enjoy this book. If you HAVEN'T been living under a rock all these years, it will anger you and you're going to hate it. Based on the dismal sales, it's safe to say most people know who she is and what she truly stands for. review image
 Difficult to understand how pneumonia or allergies can cause the left eye to deviate inward. Never heard of this and no explanation is offered in the book. I imagine the answer is on someone's backup server located in a bathroom in Colorado. I did enjoy how on the cover her running mate worked the National Socialism authoritarian hint for our future into her socialism plans for our country as outlined in the book.
 How to lie, cheat, and steal...and murder once in awhile.
 Ugh
 Pure garbage
 I guess my first review - like Hillary's State emails, cell phones, and computers; Rose Law Firm billings; Michael Savage's radio program, et al - went missing, so let me write it again.  I am going to wait for all of the excitement to die down before I purchase this, since Hillary implored the audience to "Buy My Book If You Want to Know What I Will Do As President" at last night's debate. I'm wondering though, couldn't we just look at what she has done so far in her lifetime political career to get a pretty good idea?  I can't imagine how she was able to condense 25 plus years of dedication to her own self interest into a book that will convince America that the Clinton Foundation really does give 94 percent to its causes, not 5.7 percent; that she really had no intention of misleading the American public about her emails while Secretary of State; that the FBI and Justice Department really did do a no holds barred investigation into her State Department activities; and that she isn't suffering from a debilitating, neurological disorder that could cause her to literally "shut down/short circuit" at any moment, as she did at the 9/11 memorial.  I could go on and on, but well, you get the picture! If her mouth is moving......
 Just a bunch of same old same old Hillary Clinton
 I found this book in my neighbor's garbage can. I needed some lining for the white crate I keep my new puppy in. The paper is super absorbent and retains the stains of the exfcrement on the pages very well. I would highly recommend to anyone who wants to keep excrement out of their house (white or not) to utilize this book.
 Give me a break...the book is old as a coaster
 I ordered the paperback version and received a 6-year old laptop and a half-empty bottle of hot sauce instead. The good news is that I believe I found the 33,000 emails everybody's looking for.
 Honestly, I didn't want to give it a bad review because I wasn't really expecting much in terms of substance or new ideas, but this was way worse than I expected. The ideas are terrible, and it's really just a book full of vague pandering. Save yourself a little money and a lot of time and skip this one.
 I wouldn't line a bird cage with this garbage
 Good guide if you want to learn about Socialism. Socialism did not work in Chile, Argentina, Cuba or Venezuela, but for some reason HRC is convinced it will work here. So buy this book!
 How many trees had to be sacrificed to make this book? Just another way politicians make money...Write a book, or at least have your name on it...Have all your donors buy thousands of them...Just like Drug Money Laundering except..this is legal..go figure.
 Boring same old, same old political hogwash.
 Not very well written and full of lies. You would think at least a little truth would be put in the book. Save your 4.95 and buy a coffee, at least that won't leave a bad taste in your mouth.
 It really makes you see how much trouble this country will be in, if we go from Obama to Hillary. God be with America and see that this woman never wins this election. God help us if she does. Please don't delete the reviews, American's needs to open their eyes She is evil..
 This book works better than sleeping pills.
 The lies and corruption contained between the covers of this book make it only good for toilet paper. It is also obvious that it was not written by Hillary and Kain as they only announced their partnership two months ago. This is just a cheap way to cash in on the fact that Hillary has no traction on the road to the White House.
 I was hoping for an inspirational yet pragmatic explanation of what Hillary's rationale is for running for President. The book felt quickly slapped together and hollow unfortunately, and makes me wonder more so if she really is running just for her own aggrandizement.
 I thought this book was going to be about epoxy and bonding glue, boy was I wrong. Turns out it was about marriage counseling, which they both have plenty of experience in.
 Read the first chapter. Decided to run for a public office. Found information incriminating Hillary. Sent to be ambassador of Benghazi. #youknowtherest #dicksoutfirharambe
 Terrible book. Nothing but globalist, Marxist propaganda. Better used as toilet paper.
 After reading this book I am going to donate my entire estate (-$11.49) to the Clinton Foundation and to the friendly Sandanistas so we can all be stronger together.
 This book was a total waste of my time. I suggest you do not buy this. There are bad books and then there are BAD books. This falls into the BAD category.
 Stronger Together, a book that has the underlying premise of, we know better than you. The Germans had a similar book published in 1925 "mein Kampf"
 Money wasted... this book is garbage.
 Save your $ you will need it if .....
 Won't recommend it to my worst enemy!
 This book, like every other political campaign book, seeks to convince the reader of its importance. This would be an easier task with a more effective work. Weak voicing hampers the strength of the message, and the ideas aren't backed by facts but by more ideas.  One would expect a propaganda piece such as this to bring something new to the conversation, but this one instead relies on "truisms" without providing foundations. The author seems far more willing to expect the reader to accept statements made on such shaky ground - an issue that undermines the entire structure of the book.  Speaking of structure, one would expect a published work such as this to have one. This book does not - not intentionally, at least. It appears as if the author simply copied and pasted "talking points" rather than considering the framework necessary to hold it together.  At the end, the Stronger Together fails to support itself, and the entire house of cards comes tumbling down. Maybe in the hands of a more skilled writer, or at least from a mind more adept at logic and reason, this book could have found its footing.
 Go ahead and remove this one too...
 Luv the nazi salute on the cover!
 This book is garbage. It highlights the disconnect between Hillary and the rest of the world. I posted an earlier review but it was removed. Hillary must know someone at Amazon. Also, if you are wondering why I called Hillary a magician in my heading, it is because she knows how to make people disappear.
 I would like to tell you what I thought of this book, I really would... but for the sake of my family I will refrain lest I put them through the agony of so many other families that have had one of their own dare to speak out against the Clintons.
 Will consider deleting my Amazon account based on the fact that they obviously biased toward Hillary Clinton and their out right censorship.
 All lies
 meh, maybe its the Parkinsons...?
 Totally horrible book--terrible.
 Reading a book written by a pathological liar and her running mate was tough. She uses minorities for political expediency but cares nothing for them. She chose evil as a path to wealth and power and it's catching up to her. Her health is grave on top of continously lying. Horrible book.
 Ridiculous! Makes no sense at ll!
 Worse than going to the dentist.
 Opened the first page, had a non stop coughing fit which I blamed on Trump allergies. Haven't opened it again and I've been just fine.
 Absolute garbage. What is this? Mein Kampf 2.0? Pure propaganda, nothing more.
 This was just a repeat of old stuff that we have heard already. Not as good as her Hard Choices book. Perhaps the next one will be better.
 Life is too precious & valuable to lose time on this. I put it down halfway through wondering why I even attempted to read it. Sad .
 "please preheat your oven to 451 degrees Fahrenheit."  Will this review be deleted like all the other critical reviews?
 [...] I expected better from Amazon! Moderating the reviews. The Moderators should be fired. I have lost all trust in reviews now.
 Doesn't even deserve one star!
 I trust a wet fart, Mexican tap water, and mixed drinks from Bill Cosby more than I will ever trust her, but on a side note, her book did make a good bird cage liner, and toilet paper, although a bit ruff, it did the job.
 What were they thinking? This makes horrible toilet paper, no dingle berries though so it got a second star
 First, despite the front cover, she did not write that. After reading it, I am not sure she even read it. Caveat emptor!
 The pages of this book are good to wipe your ass with in the toilet. Hillary's a corrupt witch who panders to anyone for votes. I'm Hispanic, love the freedom and economic opportunity America gives me and I support Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 This book is a total misrepresentation of the truth. It is full of lies. I recommend avoiding this boo . It is propoganda.
 A politician's view of the future, if only you elect them. This is political fiction, which focuses its message to all supposed down-trodden political groups. Just be aware and read it as such. My main point of contention is the name of this piece of political wishfulness, "Stronger Together"... How might the United States of America be stronger together when this type of divisive writing is purported to be a blueprint to the future of our country? One cannot create a united future for half of the country's population by tearing down what the other half has achieved and created.
 Everything is written in Arabic and there seems to be a lot of missing pages. The cover looks like it was printed poorly, like I'm seeing double? I had to wear my grandmother's Fresnel lens glasses to see properly
 Complete trash! Great for lining your birdcage or leaving in the outhouse. Nice Nazi salute from Tim Kane.
 If the pages were larger, it would be one of the best reasons to have a pet bird. Don't waste your time.
 I doubt if Hillary even wrote this this horrible book as she can not handle more than one email account.
 As soon as I downloaded this book, all of my e-mails in my computer and smart phone began disappearing.
 On a technical level, the book is well written in that the authors give concise details of all their plans for America once they get their hands on her. The thought that this could get into the hands of future generations, who might not recognize it as feloneous douchebaggery, makes me want to weep for my country!
 Don't waste your money
 Scratchy toilet paper.
 I knew Hillary in high school and she hasn't changed. The book is boring and really doesn't lay out any finite policy statements, just more of the endless winding and twisting staircase to heaven. What a waste.........
 This book sold about 2,900 copies. Hillary Clinton got paid 12 milion dollars for this pos.
 What were you expecting out of a chronic, habitual liar, some real information? lol Don't look here.
 Hillary is full of lies. The book is full of lies. Even the rating of the book is a lie. [...]
 It's sad that although Amazon is very Liberal, I was hoping that unlike the Media, they would show the reviews as people write them. I have purchased many items from Amazon, but I may have to change my way of shopping. This book is a bomb, and what more can you expect from a liar, a divider like Obama, and her running mate for vice president Tim Kaine calls himself a Catholic, but does not follow the Church's teachings, so if your not true to your religion, then you most certainly will not be true to the people, just like Hillary. They have both sacrificed their soul for a political position.
 The truth comes out in private conversations. This candidate is deplorable, not millions of Americans.
 Of course the worlds delite ruleless classless creatures would be stronger together when they promote the true divides within society. It is they that created this anti-civilization we have lived in since the fall of Babylon. Folks, They are the great unwashed and You are the Elite on the street. Why?..because You have a conscience, can create and produce Value and they can only usurp and destroy your efforts. It all boils down to "Conscience"...Those that have and those that have not...it's the only true division in society. This is our fight. "The Fight for Conscious Human Life"©, (available right here on Amazon)...let them not confound our language nor our history any longer, this is what progressives have done unto us because it was feared: "Nothing would be impossible unto us" and they, the ruleless delite would become irrelevant.  Stop doing business with your rulers and Start ruling yourself.
 It is so encouraging that many Americans have seen the truth about Hillary Clinton. This book is just another obligatory candidate book (they ALL have them) and they are ALWAYS devoid of any worthwhile content (or anything new or substantial). They really are nothing more than campaign pamphlets (with more pages) and you have to be delusional to actually pay money for something like this. We know that this self-serving, corrupt and "would be" Empress Has No Clothes. The policies of the left are like poisonous spider venom and this book is just more of their same mind numbing and freedom killing solutions.
 Take two books into the bathroom. One to read and Stronger Together to wipe yourself. It's that good.
 Tried to read but was overwhelmed by the poor writing style and even worse thought process
 An election pamphlet disguised as a book? Worst I've ever seen. She does not want to win,
 Like Hillary's emails.
 My liberal parents have been purchasing Clinton books for years as a way of indirect support for their belief in liberalism. Last week I saw that this book was purchased so reviewed each section. The book reads like a DNC talking points platform. Add to that their B.S. feel-good attitude where intentions are greater than outcome. That, to me, is the problem with Hillary's ideas and liberals in general. At some point reality needs to become the focus, not theoretical utopian ideas. Hillary's (and my parents) generation have really screwed up America. Then again, the DC elite crowd in general have screwed up America. Add to the fact that Hillary has paid so many people off she can get away with lying, cheating, murder and yet not be convicted convinces me that we are gone, in many ways as a nation.
 Would have been a lot better if it has included the chapter on how to fake a suicide.
 I thought we were going to move forward as a country. This is a vision of fascism.
 Self serving garbage.
 Terrible garbage! She should no doubt be arrested for what she has done! This is disgusting!
 The "Ultimate Deceiver" (w/ special guest "Sniveling Snake Kain". This book This stomach-turning novel is the ultimate gift for the gullible "safe-space gender-neutral brain-dead trendie millennial" in your life. Each sentence in this book has been carefully crafted together in a mind-bending collaboration of twisted truths and jaw-dropping manipulation of facts. Hillary Clinton does an amazing job of showcasing her natural-born talent to deceive. Kain, also adds a certain weasely side-kick element to this book of tales. The reason I'm only giving this book one star is because the cover had a small rip in it upon arrival.
 Is a damn shame when CEO's, Media, Movie Stars and Entertainers and football players (NFL) need to throw in the political views/censorship while on the job. The Clinton's are NOT what we need in the White House. The Preface of the book was enough for me. And the phoney book cover photo to boot. Not all American's are liberal suckers, some of us have tried it never to return.
 Worst book ever...!
 I would of called the book stronger with out us. With a forward from George H. Bush.
 I think it is absolutely frightening that Amazon deleted a significant number of reviews of this book that were critical, so as to make it appear that it is not as abysmal as it obviously is. Amazon has shown itself to be as duplicitous as the author herself. FYI, Amazon's CEO, Jeff Bezos, owns the Washington Post which has--big surprise--endorsed Hillary Clinton. I no longer have any faith in Amazon reviews, and the Big Brother behavior of Bezos/Amazon has inspired me to take my business elsewhere. If this kind of manipulation doesn't convince Amazon readers to vote for anyone other than Hillary Clinton, I don't know what will.
 Simply Deplorable.
 Worst book ever dont even bother opening to a page. Lock her up TRUMP 2016
 This book sucks
 Enjoy sycophants.
 The Book of Lies.
 Boring book. Thought it would make things clearer, but just put me to sleep.
 was able to read about 80% of this in a half hour at Barnes and Noble. Pure socialist garbage that gives no impression that the authors even understand basic economics. The book is in total denial about the economic destruction done in cities run by democrats for decades. It ignores our gaping trade deficits, probably because China and the Cartels bought the Clintons decades ago. This is a shallow, vapid, communist manifesto that masquerades as something new.
 Even w Jeff Bezos helping this book can barely break 2 stars. my sides.
 Was given this book by a friend who couldn't take it anymore. So much BS loaded in this book it's mind boggling. Can't believe there are "people" out there who believe what this family says.
 I am not a supporter, but a friend who is gave me the book. I am an open-minded person so I decided to read it and see for myself where she stands on many important issues. I found the book boring, poorly written, and really told me nothing about her. I made it about 2/3 of the way through the book before I gave up on it entirely. This was so boring and poorly written that it should be titled "50 Shades of Khaki".
 http://www.wnd.com/2016/09/amazon-steps-in-to-fix-hillary-book-review/
 I was thoroughly disappointed in the read. I was expecting her to delve more into how to successfully run a "Pay for Play" scheme, how to collect Clinton Foundation donations from countries that wish to do us harm and how to totally ignore cries for help repeatedly from Ambassador Stevens while he was in Benghazi. Most importantly, there was no lesson on how cold hearted you must be to lie to the grieving families about a YouTube video. This book had none of that. The only positive I can say is unlike Nancy Pelosi's famous quote...you don't have to buy it, to see what's in it!!!
 Don't waste your $$ Nothing new -- same old rhetoric
 Literally watching reviews get deleted right now
 Wasted several hours reading before tossing it in the trash heap.
 This is so typical. Liberal idealogues setting up to pimp the American public - especially minorities - with Unicorn policies based on bigger government spending. Promise the world to get your vote! ...then fail miserably. Just what have the democrats done in 8 yrs under Obama? We are less safe, more divided, and the unreported unemployment figures are near all time highs... And yet Hillary says - "Why change what is already working?" Fttttt. Give me a break.
 How can anyone read a book that is so full of lies?
 Bite me BoZoS
 Anything for a dollar! They knew full on that the american public despise her, now her tarnished running mate. This piece of trash will go down with a caveat to the affect that it sold millions, but had the lowest rating of any book carried on Amazon. They can't spin it - the american people, of all races, are fed up with her lies, corruptness and the attitude that the Presidency is owed to her!
 I read this just out of curiosity, but shouldn't have even bothered. It's basically just more blah, blah, blah. Having lived in Arkansas my entire life and know pretty much everything about "Billary", they are both crooked, power hungry, unbelievable characters, who couldn't tell the truth if their life depended on it. I didn't vote for Bill either time, and after reading this book, it just solidified I won't be voting for Hillary either. I consider myself independent, but I will definitely be voting for Trump. I'm sick of the same ole, same ole!
 "Thanks to President Obama's leadership...we have brought America's economy back from the brink."  If you believe that, you're most likely illiterate anyway, which would account for the dismal sales of this book.  This is ghostwritten politikspeak that reads like a stump speech, insulting the intelligence of all Americans.
 It's garbage
 Its like one very - very - very long, and very sappy campaign commercial in book form. The book is an apparent and thinly veiled attempt to put a compassionate, caring face on a very cold and calculating person. It fails - in fact, it tries so hard that its almost humorous - if it wasn't so sad. I got this at a bookstore while on travel - what a waste of $10 - I wish I'd have ordered it through Amazon so I could return it.
 Prison Worthy.
 Stronger together against fake sniper fire in Bosnia.
 Horrible book written by a delusional and evil woman
 A real snoozer. A good book to read at night if you have insomnia.
 Excellent book! The pages are softer than Charmin but not quite as soft as Quilted Northern. Thanks, Crooked Hillary!
 In reading this book, I don't understand why she hasn't tried to institute the ideas 30 years ago. Because if she did, she would know that they DO NOT WORK! When a government tried to rule with compassion, it fails abysmally. Can you imagine a Football Referee have compassion when it comes to the rules? A government needs a MORAL CODE, not compassion. Because compassion always chooses winners and losers.
 How can we trust anything she says?
 A friend of mine gave me a kindle version for a gift.  After reading the first two chapters I gave up - I don't want a nanny state, I don't want Uncle Sam owning my life. The entire book is how Hillary wants to remake the entire country in to her view and image of what makes a Socialist country.  No thanks!
 She is a crook who must be stopped.
 borrowed a copy from my brother. It sucks big time. Not worth using as tp in an emergency.
 Jeff Bezos has ruined Amazon's reputation and he is trying to manipulate his customers politically much as his champion Hillary had manipulated the public for 30 years and hopes to double down on the next 8 years. Go Walmart on-line!! Say no to the political elitist like Bezos - buy elsewhere.
 I would give it a 0 star review if possible
 pathetic book, Hillary will solve our problems? Her and her party have enslaved the black family on the ghetto plantation. She purports that are diversity is a strength when it is destroying America. We are no longer Americans but individual racial or religious groups.
 I'm no fan of Trump, but it's pretty deplorable that Amazon would take down reviews of this book just because they are negative. *Anyone but Hillary 2016*
 Mindless dribble ... I want my money back.
 Skimmed through this book at a book store then I started to get overheated and didn't have secret service to catch me when I face planted. Can I sue?
 No truths
 This has to be the worst book, ever.... why is amazon even selling it? I read this , and was really discussed. If you must read it, because shes is your candidate. Most likely if you have good common sense, you will realize how bad a candidate she is.
 Why buy a book full of lies this is trash
 Jeff Bezos will someday be under antitrust political pressure because of his dominant position in internet sales. To fend off political pressure he has bought the Washington Post as a threat to politicians. Hillary has proven that she can be bought, too.
 someone should tell jeff bezos that the american people can not be silenced so easily.
 I started reading it. Tripe from a feckless and corrupt politician. "Who she really is screams so loud I can't hear what she is saying"
 This is a review of a) This book; b) HRC; and c) Amazon's review-mutation policy, whereby reviews expressing Forbidden Thoughts are sent Far, Far Away. So, yeah, one star all around.
 How can anyone Believe the words from a woman who is a proven compulsive liar ? And a man who indeed has known ties to islamic radicals ?
 I was given this book as gag gift and that is exactly what it did, it made me gag! I couldn't even use the pages for toilet paper because of all the BS written in it. Hillary needs to stick with rewriting history to make herself looking good and ripping off small island nations like Haiti.
 I read this to my gender fluid boyfriend to get her in the mood, but besides that not worth the price. Threw it in my basket of deplorables.
 This book rambles in circles and makes you wonder what planet this woman is living on. More of the failed policies of the last eight years.
 Only thing it is good for after reading first couple pages is what the Sears catalog was used for in outhouses... watch out for paper cuts
 This book should be listed in fiction How can anyone take this book seriously? How can a pathological liar write a book when all she can say is "I don't recall". "I don't remember" and "what difference does in make any way?" Another load of Clinton bullsh*t.
 Weirdest thing, my review of this horrible book keeps getting deleted. Amazon must me using Hillary's email server to host their comments.
 Hoping this gets through big brother at Amazon. I read the book - I found it flawed, fictitious, and fluffy. Somehow, that it hit the shelves during the campaign, makes it even more pandering and solicitous. But that Amazon has joined the ranks of Zuckerberg and the other Orwellian media types is the most scary.
 One star.. Simply because it is a Hillary Clinton book. I found my copy in the trash so I did not have to pay a dime for this POS book
 I recommend all Americans read this, but be warned...it is scary, so leave the lights on.  As expected, this book is nothing more than a sales pitch. You will see the pronoun “we” on every page, as Hillary attempts to bring us all along with the grandiose plans she lays out, neglecting to mention that “we” (as in the taxpayers) will be paying heavily for every item.  I understand this is a book written by a politician, and that it will project the policies of the author. I have attempted in this review not to debate what was written, but to allow the statements to stand on their own (and when I do offer a rebuttal, it is not my opinions but facts presented by other sources). It is sad that it is easy to find these sources, and many that normally do not sit in the conservative camp. For instance:  Hillary states lobbyists forced legislation leading to the 2015 surge in auto sales, while all the articles I researched credited cheap gas and low interest rates.  “The super-rich are skipping out on paying their fair share of taxes…” As reported by NBC, and others: The top 1% already pay almost half of the federal taxes.  Much of the book focuses on the “feel good” programs, which are backed up by flimsy evidence, if backed up at all. For instance:  College loans. Hillary says 25 million borrowers will be helped by refinancing, the typical borrower saving $2000 over the life of the loan (this is $16.50 a month over ten years, $5.50 a month over 30 years – no reason to uncork the champagne…and there is no mention of the cost of refinancing). Entrepreneurs would receive a three-year deferment on paying, and this largesse could be extended also to the employees. Of course, all borrowers could just hold out for twenty years and wait for the loans to be forgiven. No mention of where all this money to repay the banks would come from.  Lastly, we are confronted by the twists and turns of illogical thought, such as:  Businesses should not be concerned with their profits and need “…to break free from the tyranny of today’s earnings report so they can do what they do best: innovate, invest, and build tomorrow’s prosperity.” And I thought the idea was to make a profit so you could reinvest and grow the business, which in turn provides more and better-paying jobs (sorry, my one opinion/rebuttal).  One could write another book addressing everything in this one. While I hate to put unnecessary money in any politician’s pocket, I do encourage conservatives and liberals/progressives to read it in order to fully understand the Democratic candidate's agenda.
 One of the worst books I have ever read. The lies these people tell are sick. How anyone could vote for her I don't know, but do yourself a favor and do not buy this book.
 Terrible book. Pure election vote grabbing nonsense. I had high hopes for the book and ended up throwing it in the trash. Not even worth donating to the library; I didn't want others to mistakenly read and waste their time with it.
 Please, can we have a place to vote with MINUS stars. Shame on Amazon for deleting HONEST but negative comments. This is exactly what Hillary and her thugs do....get rid of the evidence....bleach, erase....remove...
 Don't believe all the hype. This liar has a plan to bring down the middle class with higher taxes and more regulations, making America even less competitive on the world market. Don't waste your money on the lies.
 I tried to read it but stumbled and fell. I must have allergies. I had hives all over. When I picked up the book I couldn't believe how light it was. Must be empty.
 What a fantasy for communist state.
 These bad, honest reviews are disappearing faster than Hillary's crooked emails. Are we really a 3rd world country where Hillary's type of intense corruption and lies can win an election? If you have ANY integrity, you cannot possibly vote for Hillary.
 The only thing more boring than this book is actually listening to Hillary speak. Maybe if she was willing to give a press conference we would have a better idea of what new ideas she might have. Instead she sells a book, or should I say attempts to sell a book.
 Given a copy of the book by a liberal friend who said that after reading half of the book, he was convinced to vote for Trump. I only made it through 20 pages and it is the driest, most uninspiring book I have read in a long time. Looking for someone to pass it on to...... (why doesn't Amazon have a no-star option for truly despicable material???)
 I have to be careful and stay within the guidelines since my last review was deleted, this product, this book is full of lies and propaganda, therefore I give this product a bad review, one start, unlike Bill Clinton who is a five star general in the war on women. I don't know why my libraries actually bothered to buy this book. (payola).
 Worst book I've ever read. Absolute wasteof money. It's a complete fantasy and I wouldn't use it as kindling to start a fire. Don't waste your money!
 Did I enjoy this read? No.
 Have you ever stopped to look at a redwood long enough you wanted to take a picture before flushing it down the toilet? I have. But this is not one of them.
 After reading this book, I'm convinced that Hillary is whacked out. Now I know why she thinks everyone is deplorable
 I haven't read the book but with so many one star reviews "what difference, at this point, does it make?" I thought about reading it after a rude 3am phone call but I was able to go back to sleep with a clear conscience so I didn't.
 It's clear from all the recent documents released that Hillary Clinton's team is not qualified the job. Why does she continue to be loyal to her unqualified team? Why does she continue to lie for people who did her wrong? Why does she cut corners to get the job done? Why does she entrust her role to others? Why does she resort to low-blows when she vows to "trumps hate"  These are the answers I need to decide my vote. They are not in the book.
 I'm sure this book should be considered fiction since everything Hillary says is a fabrication or flat out lie.
 She is a liar and a crook. She has never been successful in anything in life. So we are to believe her now.
 Another book of fiction. It's unbelievable tht they expect people to believe the things they've written. Sad commentary on the publishing house.
 Extremely poorly written book. A boring read with an organizational layout that makes almost no sense. Would not recommend to anyone looking for any reason, whether it be for informative or entertainment purposes.
 Boring. Same old fluff.
 A view of Socialism, and what it takes to destroy the fiber of what made this country thrive financially.
 Read 3 pages of this book and was so bored I threw it away. Good thing I was in a book store and didn't actually buy it. Clinton is probably the worst candidate for president we've ever had and God I hope she loses in a landslide. I'd vote for a toad over her crooked, lying, racist self. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this.
 America with these two would be so much worse. We would be weaker. Book does nothing to change my mind
 This book is little more than "we want free news coverage" book. A pointless read. A pointless slogan. And yes...I did read it.
 But attacking cartoon frogs isn't a good way to bring us all together. Mein kampf has better reviews.
 what a bunch of pie in the sky, unicorns for everybody drivel, I am literally dumber for reading it, everyone is dumber for reading it.
 I go into reading democrat material with an open positive mind ... but every time I get the immediate feeling that I'm being fed b*llsh*t. If you re a Hillary fan you ll like this dribble but don't dare turn your brain on ...
 I used the pages for my cats litter box, cat refused to use it, I guess little Tabby knew that her box was full of Crap already so he just pooped on the floor, thanks Hillary now my floor is like you, Full of Crap!
 Giving one star is being generous. This book is great for kindling, written by the queen of the damned, it will burn for days.
 It was perfect! I was out of toilet paper and was able to use this book the way it should be.
 Without a doubt the very worse time I have ever spent but I was curious to what these two thieves thought they had to say that would rekindle her lost campaign. This bound tome of toilet paper should be in the Fiction section.
 Sorry, but she has lied so often that I can't believe anything she says or puts in writing.
 I was going to buy the book, but with a one star rating out of 2200 reviews, this pretty much told me that it indeed has to be a piece of liberal crap.Stronger Together: A Blueprint for America's Future
 I would not even use this book to wipe the crap from my dogs ass!
 I think it should be in the fiction department!
 It is obvious hillary mentally defecient in everything she does, from writing books to politics. She is finished, kaput.
 a friend gave me the book but had a hard time getting past her lies on TV as I read.....
 These "reviews" suggest that we see here a referendum on Hillary's candidacy. The fact that the number of critical posts so greatly exceeds the number of positive posts suggests to me that the published polls are not correct when they say that this is a close contest.
 I want to be fair and unbiased so here goes. After reading this book I can now say Hillary is incompetent and a liar!
 Low quality toilet paper!
 Couldn't believe that my sis thought this was a good read , id rather watch paint dry
 In the first chapter of this book Hillary Clinton gives credit for the questionable rebound from the 2008 recession to President Obama. Of course, we know that is not true because, as the President has stated, most of his economic programs did not provide the outcomes he planned. The book continues with lie after lie. Most of them the typical Democratic strategy of "straw man" arguments, creating examples that do not exist, a misrepresentation of the issue, or oversimplifying the discussion and then attacking that version. If you love Hillary Clinton, you will love this puff piece of biographical fiction. If, however, you are an open-minded thinker and believe that truth is better than self-promotion, this book might not become your favorite.
 An utter waste of money.
 A book of lies. This lady would not know the truth if IT slapped her in the face.
 I would rather have my eyeballs dug out with spoons then try to attempt to read past the 3rd page of this book.
 The book, co-authored by Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, sold just 2,912 copies in its first week on sale, according to Nielsen BookScan. And the online ratings have been abysmal, with 81 percent one-star ratings and an average of only 1.7 on Amazon.com after it hit book shelves on Sept 6. Amazon, however, has tried to fix that. According to WND.com -- which has been tracking the number of reviews -- Amazon deleted hundreds of comments last week that were critical of the book, which lays out a policy blueprint of how the country would look under a Clinton-Kaine administration. On Thursday, Amazon -- whose CEO, Jeff Bezos, owns the Washington Post -- said there were 91 positive reviews compared to 166 critical ones, according to WND. Just two days earlier, there were 1,244 reviews -- 81 percent of them with one-star and 16 percent with five-star ratings, the website reported. As of Monday morning, 85 percent of the customer reviews on Amazon gave it one star, while only 11 percent gave it five stars. The book dropped from No. 840 on Amazon's best-seller rankings early last week to No. 1,538 on Thursday. One reader, identified as Robert S Lionel JR, gave the book a one-star rating and wrote, "Every time I write my review it gets deleted, it's so weird. Does anyone know where the servers are hosted that contain reviews?" Another reader commented: "I expected that Amazon tweaked reviews but have lost all belief in Amazon reviews now. Will switch to Walmart for ordering most the things I used to buy here." According to Amazon's description, the book "presents [their] agenda in full, relating stories from the American people and outlining the Clinton/Kaine campaign's plans on everything from apprenticeships to the Zika virus." Many of the poor reviews appeared to hit the candidate rather than the substance of the book. Of the comments that critiqued the book, readers used words such as "boring" and "dishonest" in describing the 250-page text interspersed with bullet-point policy ideas.
 Wasn't what I expected.
 uck! Deplorable!
 For comparison I read an old phone book and found it to be more scintillating than Stronger Together.
 Very boring I feel like it was not written by her manly false statements
 Makes me embarrassed that I share a nationality with these two clowns
 Liberal psychopaths.
 Delete my review Amazon! Don't even need to crack the cover to know this is total and absolute GARBAGE!!!!
 I posted a review just a few days after this book was published. It was one of those now "disappeared" by Bezos Inc. Ironically, I originally gave it two stars; by deleting mine, they actually lowered the average rating! Geniuses.
 I disliked this product. The price was ridiculous but I guess the free coupon for a stay in the Lincoln bedroom will be worth it. Unfortunately, I couldn't afford the premium edition that includes the ambassadorship to Palau.
 This book sucks! Poorly written and full of unverifiable lies.
 Censorship of negative reviews for political reasons is wrong no matter your ideology.
 These globalist pigs will lie to you for free, don't pay them for the privilege.  A blueprint for continuing to run our nation into the ground. I expected better propaganda. I cannot believe people swallow this crap & support Hillary. Disgusting.
 This highly biased and misleading book was written by a DNC stooge and not fit for consumption. It chronicles several flawed and highly suspicious accomplishments of the Democrats and fails to mention much of the Democrat racism such as the Wasserman/Brazile e-mails they had to resign over. We are stronger together but tolerance must be a 2-way street.
 I wouldn't give this woman a dime of my money. It'll probably just be used to overthrow a third world leader, destabilize a country, arm terrorists, who will then use those weapons to kill Americans. #neverhillary #hillaryforprison2016 #strongerwithouther
 Totally sad!
 NEVERHILLERY
 A dishonest book from a dishonest lady. Don't trust her.
 I have to say, this is probably one of the worst "...I love myself and what I think I have accomplished and you should love me too..." books I have ever read. The multiple self-delusions of grandeur in this piece of FICTION that tries and fails to pass itself off as non-fiction defies description.
 Bought this to level my tabel, but it was offended by how weak this book was.
 This books preaches a liberal agenda. The hinging of it's entirety is that everyone (really non liberals) must compromise. Big companies must pay for doing well. Interesting, as Clinton gives 57% of her charitable contributions to the Clinton foundation, which is a merely a slush fund for corruption. Nothing to see here.
 I finished this book in one sitting. I thought it weak on realistic solutions and long on fantasy. It often rewrites history and fails to address the issues both candidates need to offer. I have to say that I'm proud that the Democrats nominated a fellow pro-lifer as a vice - president candidate.
 Can't even say it was a "nice" try! Don't waste your time or money.
 Horrible book full of lies and platitudes. I wouldn't wipe my bum with it.
 This book is deplorable. There is nothing between the pages. Irredeemable.
 Hilary Clinton is possibly the most corrupt person every to seek office.
 Not only is this book poorly written, but it maps out a globalist, socialist nightmare that these two people will drag America into. If you have any thoughts about voting for this person BORROW a copy and read it.
 worst book ever
 What a total waste of time. Hilliary is a fraud.
 Hillary Clinton's newest book, "Stronger Together," has been met with critical reviews and slow sales since its release earlier this month. But, Amazon.com appears to be helping the Democratic presidential nominee by removing negative reviews from its website.  Amazon deleted hundreds of comments last week that were critical of the book. One reader, identified as Robert S Lionel JR, gave the book a one-star rating and wrote, "Every time I write my review it gets deleted, it's so weird. Does anyone know where the servers are hosted that contain reviews?"  [...]
 After 30 years in office, you would expect more substance than just this blueprint. Lots of intriguing aspirational anecdotes that read more like a disjointed Utopian manifesto than a coherent, integrated, and acheivable strategy. Light on objective data, no word on how to achieve bipartisan support, or how to gain consensus while publicly repeating that more than half the country's electorate is "deplorable and irredeemable".
 An absolute waste of time, save your money.
 This book lends new meaning to the term 'kah-kah'! It's worse than landfill. Don't get fooled by the fabricated nonsense within. She's a proven crook and liar, and god help us if she gets elected.
 Save your money and buy Clinton Cash by Peter Schweizer instead. That's just tip of the iceberg with the Clinton Crime Syndicate.
 I read this book and it was nauseating. I am by no means a Clinton supporter but this borders on unreadable. The constant spin, omission of real issues and half truths was hard to get through. Now reading other comments about how Amazon has removed negative reviews is disheartening. Lets see if this one makes it.
 REALLY??
 Garbage!
 Horrible
 Terrible
 I wish I could give it zero stars. No substance, no appeal, and just plain boring. I couldn't stay awake to finish it
 Amazon won't let me put a half a star (only positive was Pages are soft in case you run out of toilet paper.) I got to page 20 on the train and was frustrated I can't figure out a way to throw myself under it at 60 mph. With this book, she has now officially lied on every medium there is (yet the media loves to protect her, including Amazon!). Save your time, save your money, save your country and not vote for Satan's helper. The only thing worse, could be Roger Goodell as her VP.
 This is a poorly written book that focuses on skewed policy positions. I personally found it to be unpleasant to read, uninspiring, uninformed and a general waste of my time.
 Propaganda. It truly is sad that someone with such a sordid and extensive history in public political life is still considered to be positive for this country and its future.
 Terrible book about terrible people who will do anything to get into and stay in power. Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for censoring bad reviews of this monstrosity.
 I guess Hillary has lots of friends at Amazon. I wonder how much she paid Amazon to delete the bad reviews. Should we boycott Amazon. The book is full of lies.
 Stronger Together is a great title for the book, tells you everything you want to know about them both. They are stronger together. Their odor is stronger together. I thought it read like a really good book out of the fiction section. I didn't quite finish the book, a neighbor told me it ends with her being given sainthood.
 If you are a person of character and integrity you'll have a very difficult time reading this book. It is very difficult to read knowing that this is the same woman that is at least partially responsible for the current state of racial divide, national debt, catastrophic health care reform and one dead ambassador. Add to the fact that she is a criminal that avoided prosecution I really don't feel that she is an authority on being Stronger Together.
 Ingest a few caps of psilocybin, wait about 30 minutes, put on the Wizard of Oz and start reading. The flying monkeys will take on the appearance of MSNBC reporters.
 nazi's! look at Kaine's hitler salute, case closed
 Hillary Clinton's newest book, "Stronger Together," has been met with critical reviews and slow sales since its release earlier this month.  But Amazon.com appears to be helping the Democratic presidential nominee by removing negative reviews from its website, WND.com reported.  The book, co-authored by Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, sold just 2,912 copies in its first week on sale, according to Nielsen BookScan. And the online ratings have been abysmal, with 81 percent one-star ratings and an average of only 1.7 on Amazon.com after it hit book shelves on Sept 6.  Amazon, however, has tried to fix that.  According to WND.com -- which has been tracking the number of reviews -- Amazon deleted hundreds of comments last week that were critical of the book, which lays out a policy blueprint of how the country would look under a Clinton-Kaine administration.  On Thursday, Amazon -- whose CEO, Jeff Bezos, owns the Washington Post -- said there were 91 positive reviews compared to 166 critical ones, according to WND. Just two days earlier, there were 1,244 reviews -- 81 percent of them with one-star and 16 percent with five-star ratings, the website reported.  As of Monday morning, 85 percent of the customer reviews on Amazon gave it one star, while only 11 percent gave it five stars.  The book dropped from No. 840 on Amazon's best-seller rankings early last week to No. 1,538 on Thursday.  One reader, identified as Robert S Lionel JR, gave the book a one-star rating and wrote, "Every time I write my review it gets deleted, it's so weird. Does anyone know where the servers are hosted that contain reviews?"  Another reader commented: "I expected that Amazon tweaked reviews but have lost all belief in Amazon reviews now. Will switch to Walmart for ordering most the things I used to buy here."  According to Amazon's description, the book "presents [their] agenda in full, relating stories from the American people and outlining the Clinton/Kaine campaign's plans on everything from apprenticeships to the Zika virus."  Many of the poor reviews appeared to hit the candidate rather than the substance of the book. Of the comments that critiqued the book, readers used words such as "boring" and "dishonest" in describing the 250-page text interspersed with bullet-point policy ideas.
 Read from cover to cover - The book contains a fairly comprehensive list of political talking points and the Clinton team's plans to address them. But, I'm not sure why we'd need to pay for this information -- and for that, I give one "star" to this opportunistic duo.
 Her positions and policies are idiotic. I bought this book with the intention of trying to see her way if thinking and it left me scratching my head.
 This book is not good at all...it is trying to influence people and using slanted facts and exaggerated situations in an attempt to do just that...
 Its getting pretty obvious that Mrs. Clinton is a very dishonest person. I have listened to both sides, read everything I can find about current events, again taking both sides in to consideration, however Hillary is clearly a liar and has taken money through her office and stolen disaster money from Haiti. Her husband is at the center of 7 different sexual abuse claims and has settled at least 2 that I have heard of. Innocent people do not settle out of court for huge sums of money.
 Litter for the garbage train. Crap like this should be used as toilet paper. Hillary is the top of the garbage pile. She should be proud of that.
 A parcel of insane lies by a criminal who belongs in prison, and a crazed 1960's radical. There is no depth that the Clintons will not descend to in their quest for power. They are truly deplorable. And now you have their own words telling you that.
 Puke Fest!! I had to read this for a report and quite honestly I'm glad someone else bought it because I would have been sick if I had known I contributed to this money & power hungry person. She is (along with many others) bringing this country to the breaking point. All the PC people of the world need to get over it.
 I actually borrowed this from a friend whose ex-girlfriend left it at his place, and he was going to toss it. I didn't read the entire thing, but a good portion of it. I'm not sure who actually wrote it for Clinton, but it's very scripted and tries very hard to cover up many of the allegations made against her. It was good for a chuckle, but I certainly wouldn't waste my own money on it.
 The book is not very informative and very boring. You don't really read much the candidates themselves wrote... You could pretty much google their names and read articles to get the same info. Whomever put this book together for them did a very poor job. I was hoping to get at least some new information or insight instead of the same old rhetoric. Sad
 Really not worth the paper its printed on. These ideas are purely to get her elected. She has never kept her word about much of anything. That said, the book is also a waste of time, not interesting and in many places not truthful either...
 I did not buy it from Amazon. I wouldn't recommend it. Seems like far more unbelievable that the Clintons have shown before and I do not think she can separate herself from Bill who has cheated his way through life.
 Thought I'd add my two cents.
 What a boring load of lies.
 My copy came with a free, autographed epipen! Amazing lies told by the world's most famous liar! I'm sure of one thing, (ummm) after reading this book (ummm), Kaine and Clinton are stronger together. She is certainly too weak to stand up on her own. I'll never vote democrat again after what they have tried to foist on us this election!!!
 I can't believe how far to the left hillary has gone. I'm a typical Democrat and I would have voted for her outside of Bernie. Bernie is out due to a rigged system. She can't sell this to us anymore.
 I found a copy of her book behind the dumpster behind my apartment. A quick review showed it to be a complete propoganda piece full of lies and vote for me drivel. I want my money back.....
 With all the great authors backing her this election, you'd think should could have gotten some help making her propaganda more enjoyable to read. Did their transcripts get emailed? It takes a village. And we know what job the author has in that village.
 Your review wont get published here if its bad. Amazon only wants sugary sweet reviews for their precious Queen Hillary. We should stop buying from them because they are horribly one-sided. So what if her book sucks? Cant we say so? It doesnt mean we dont like her, we just don't like her boring book. Got it?
 It's is truly sad to see a candidate for POTUS, by the name of HRC, publish such trash, speak such lies, live such a corrupt life and have so many ignorant followers, blind to fact or truth, trying to perpetuate her garbage when all she is interested in is covering her ass, stay out of jail and scam the citizens of this country. Pathetic.
 Trash...
 if this review is erased, I will get 10 of my friends to write reviews in its place. Stop this corruption! Amazon I am disgusted with you and this bias.
 This book is full of the same lies Clinton has been telling for 30 years. I thought I would give her the benefit of the doubt and give this a read. What a waste of my time. Does this women live in the same world as the rest of us?
 This book is probably not even written by Hillary or Kaine considering how busy they both have been and how many naps Hillary takes.  This book is filled with liberal propaganda and blatant lies. Hillary is possibly the most evil corrupt person in American politics.
 I found this book in the trashcan near my office. There 30 of them. I work for CTR you see and since we are all about to lose our jobs they sent us a bunch so we can make up some ridiculous story about our next president...DJT. the book is ok but I don't know if she wrote this before or after she was chucked into a van like a side of beef. That context would tell me a lot because who the heck would hire the Grinch as a running mate unless they had some kind of severe brain damage. Look at that guy! He even looks dumber than bush jr. This book is lower energy than jeb bush
 How much did Hillary pay Amazon to erase all these book reviews? Wonder how long Amazon will keep my review up. Pathetic! No matter who your choice is, this kind of practice is sickening. It also shows what a scam the mega giants constantly put in front of the public's eyes so that they can control the sheep. I'm still wondering when this woman will be put in jail. I guess when you have high power friends that can erase anything bad, you are golden.
 I was given this book to use as a bird cage liner & used just the first few pages of the introduction. After 20 minutes, I went to check on the birds & found that 2 are dead (1 from a mysterious car crash, although it lacks a car & there's no evidence of a crash) & the other from workplace violence (however, Mr. Cheepers never had a job!), 1 is flip-flopping around the bottom of the cage while his buddy is trying to jab him in the neck with some sort of needle & the other is cowered on the lower perch, staring into the void repeatedly saying "just power through it, just power through it." I'm afraid that there is something in the ink that is toxic,
 Don't waste your money or your time.
 Give up your Civil liberties under the Bill Of Rights, and trust us to keep you safe - oh, and your give up economic freedom too. No thanks; Mao's Little Red Book is in no danger from these two, but Mein Kampf might be.
 I felt like it was a campaign speech in book form. I am tired of hearing her lies on TV and in radio.. I thought I would get a better insight, but now I just get lies in print form. Shame on you Hillary Clinton and especially you Tim Kaine for backing her up. There is no way that Tim Kaine believes in her.
 A friend of mine, a life long democrat, couldn't believe how bad this book was. I, a life long Republican, read it because of how disgusting the lies and corruption that she was complaining about. It was amazing and not in a good way.
 What a crock of refried Barack. My favorite part was THE END after which I tossed this shallow attempt at cashing in before the election into my waste basket of ignorables.
 The best most amazing enjoyable part about reviewing this book on this amazon website are the reviews. Unfortunately, Hillary supporters can't read, can't write, can't think for themselves so they didn't read the book. The USA would be STRONGER TOGETHER with out any CLINTON being in Government.
 If you love big government, lies, corruption, out of control spending, and non stop takeover of our lives, this is the book for you!!!  Hillary and Obama know just what we need and should think. I'm not sure why I should even bother getting out of the bed if I'm just a race hating drone in their minds.  After all, there isn't much of a difference between communism and capitalism, so thinks our devilish President.
 Prison suits her and her pantsuits
 A book of garbage from a lying lady and despicable family. How can you support the LBGTQ community AND Muslims whose basic belief system authors and calls for their deaths. She is selling the American people out as fast as she can sell her lies.
 Folks, did you ever think that perhaps the real reason Amazon has been deleting bad reviews of this book is because they KNOW they only sold 24 books in total and received thousands upon thousands of reviews? Not our fault we're trying to classy up a crap piece of literature with our wonderful wit. You'd think we'd get a grand thank you... Oh and Please don't kill me Hillary, I have to much to live for... I'm on your side toots.. yeahhhhh... that's the ticket... sure... I'm a gonna vote for you... yeah.. .that's right... call your men off... we good. ;)
 A horcrux they called it bahaha
 I can't believe they paid 14 million for this deplorable book!! Least I've got something to start a fire with when I go camping....I tried leaving it on the hood of my car so someone would want to read it but no takers!! someone should of used bleach bit on it!!
 Opened the book at the book store, read a few pages, dove farther in and read a few more. Closed the book and sent my money to the nearest homeless shelter, which is more than SHE does!! Would have given NO stars, but Amazon won't allow anything below one.
 Worst book I have ever read. This woman is the anti feminist. She has thrown so many women under the bus for the benefit of her cheating husband. Do I want a female president, yes. Do I want one that has no character and trashes young women for cheating with her husband, no thanks.
 Boring
 not fit to line bird cages with and smelled just like it when I opened the 1st page !
 just leave this book on the shelf like Hillary left Americans in Benghazi to die
 Hillary is deleting these reviews like she deleted her emails! Haha. So corrupt.
 I am thinking of bringing a class action lawsuit for all the lies in this book.
 Wow, what a pile
 If I could give negative stars I would, this book is complete rubbish. The plans laid out here are a disaster in the making....
 Hated it. Hope this does not get deleted like most negative reviews have. Amazon is as trustworthy as Hillary now. What a shame
 Can,t believe I bought this book. Thought I would learn something about this candidate. Nothing but verbal diarrhea,
 I was going to give this book a 5 - star, but then realized...it was no comedy. This globalist, elitist, cackling mad hatter is no joke. She wants to take the wheel, and drive the dang thing right into the crapper.
 Mr. Bezos,  I have been a long time Amazon customer and have spent thousands with your company as I felt you were on the level and provided a valuable service and products. My purchases run the gambit from clothing, car parts, gifts, books and even items I have purchased for the business I work at and the one I owned.  I have now found out that you are willing to lie to me, the guy with the money, to make sure your choice for the office of President of the united States gets a more favorable presentation of her book than what is reality.  Our relationship is now significantly different than it was 24 hours ago, starting with the item I had in my cart and my wish lists. They will be deleted.
 Garbage. Simply garbage.
 Thought it was going to be a interesting read, based on how they promoted it, well sad to say, it didnt really explain much more than whats on her website, Sad to say, I tossed the book in the trash.
 I'm disappointed because the publishers didn't warn you to wear a full face respirator and suit to avoid catching an infectious disease. Worse still, the cover is actually different from what they've shown here. I've scanned and uploaded the real one below.  EDIT: This post got deleted so I'm re-uploading it to Amazon. review image
 We do know that hillary is the most corrupted person on the planet now we know that Amazon was some of that action.
 Honestly, I couldn't stomach reading past the 2nd page. Good luck!
 The sad thing is, this could have been a good book. But it is so poorly written it is hard to make it past the second chapter. As an independent, let me just say, I am not going to be voting for these guys. They should pull this drivel.  I am amazed at the depths Simon & Schuster has sunk to.  Wait until after the election. You should be able to buy it used for a penny.
 No one wants to read this... Amazon deleted thousands of reviews that it did not like.
 Couldn't finish the first chapter and I used to be a Democrat.
 This book should be called "How to lie to America."
 It is not fair that reviewers are giving this book only one star. First, it has sequentially numbered pages and a cover that, being somewhat thicker than the pages, effectively repels dust and minor spills. The entire tome was the perfect size to place under the legs of my bed to raise the headboard end. That helped prevent the acid reflux that I suffered from trying to read it. Not many authors are that considerate.
 It seemed like a great book for its intended purpose, and I looked forward to spending some time with the book at our summer house. I discovered a major flaw, however: the paper needs to be softer. This kind of stiff paper really hurts when you wipe.
 It would be difficult to imagine a more worthless waste of ink and paper than this pile of birdcage material. If this were a horse, it would be put out of its misery, humanely, of course.  Oh, yes...Amazon is editing and removing reviews that are critical of Clot.  It's a virtual 'vast left-wing conspiracy'!
 Terrible book. Clearly lacking integrity as does Amazon when you mess with the ratings. I buy many products from Amazon and depend heavily on the ratings. The only thing that would have made me feel worse on this purchase is if I bought it through Amazon--I did not!
 Same old tired rhetoric that no one actually believes.
 Crooked Hillary's latest bomb. Not one word of truth.
 A waste of money horrible book. Can I return this
 For all you intellectuals out there, I highly recommend the book " Alien Nation-America's Immigration Disaster" It's the scariest book I've ever read. And that includes "The Exorcist". It was written by Peter Brimelow. Just think Hillary Clinton was going to help this along.
 Hey Amazon....quit pulling NEGATIVE reviews. Obviously this book is quite awful. [...]
 Bought this garbage - about $3 after credit for slow shipping. Sending to my daughter and son-in-law, two #nevertrumpers but otherwise reasonable people. Maybe upon reading this drivel they will see the light. If not, and should we find ourselves in that fresh hell that would be sure to result from electing this beast of a woman, I can pull it out during future visits to remind them of my sage wisdom.
 The most worthless pack of lies I've ever read.
 Crooked Hillary has no vision for America
 Don't waste your SNAP card money on this book.
 Full of inaccuracies, really a snoozer. Decision Points was much more entertaining.
 Confusing. All about political correctness.
 Lame lame lame, what more can one say about a ghost written book? Poor thought construction, pattern of thought, and where is the "if we do XXX, the results will be? Where oh where is the real Hillary?
 Very surprised anything but one star reviews exist for this garbage from a pathetic liar. Will people finally wise up?
 Criminally bad.
 There really is nothing "new" here in regards to her approach to resolving the countries issues. Just a bunch of old ideas that have not worked in the past and have a very small chance of making an impact in the future.
 What a ridiculous book. Horrible writing, worse ideas, and obviously totally outsourced to ghost-writing ex Hollywood script-writers. I mean, reading this made me want to quit my job and go on welfare. Seriously, it is an anti-motivational book ...
 Not an interesting read. After reading this my opinions of Hillary Clinton and Tim kaine tanked even further. I've switched parties and am voting Trump. Her thoughts and ideas are like a naive child.
 At the risk of being placed on some NSA and FBI list, I must record my general disgust and nausea for this woman. Another reviewer was correct, the Authors of the reviews are awesome and that's what is entertaining to read. BTW, why is Kaine giving the Nazi salute? Hmmmm. Let's help Shrillary get to the big house, perhaps Ft. Levenworth.
 crooked hillary, and now crooked 'this website' for deleting hundreds of bad HRC book reviews.
 I got a bargain price for this book but it is terrible. Should be running for POS not POTUS.
 Why is it not possible for 1/2 a star?
 The book was boring just like Hillary
 I wanted to give it a chance but it failed of course. If this is the America with these two we're screwed. Don't bother wasting money on this and take the 1 star as what it means. Junk
 why would anyone read a book like this? why would such a book even be published? (hint = corruption) btw amazon - you are on the bubble with me and many others watch it
 I lost my legs because of this woman
 Wow, A friend said To take a look at this book, I did, what a poor view of America, this is not even a book about American future, but more like Her demise, I sure hopes they go down in history as the biggest failure in election history! worst off look who wants to tell us how to live, and what plans she/he has for us, A liar, and criminal evader? no thanks  Do not waste your money, Peanuts is more entertaining and you'll get more out of it!
 Great science fiction, I would give it a -5 star rating if I could.
 Horrible neo-nazi drivel, hard to believe anyone believes any of this garbage. Even has a Nazi salute on the front cover. What do you expect from a so called democratic socialist.
 OK, I can really only give this book 1 star. The content is about as I expected; typical Globalist/Socialist propaganda. That alone would have qualified for perhaps 2 stars, but I ran into a problem with this book as I went through security at the airport. As I passed through security, buzzers started going off! WTH??? At first I had a couple of TSA types getting ready to frisk me, but fortunately I was instantly surrounded by some very friendly FBI agents. They said not to worry; it was just a little bit of uranium left over from Hillary’s deal with the Russians as part of her program to spread the wealth around. The FBI guys grabbed a cloth, (soaked in some sort of cleaner… bleach-bit I think), and wiped the book clean. Not a trace of any of that nasty stuff was left!  Unlike some other reviewers, I was not offered any Ambassadorship, or lucrative speaking engagements. Keep in mind that I only paid $9.59 for the book. I did however receive the offer for an Internship with Bill Clinton for my Daughter, or any other young females that I might be able to send his way. It seems a bit fishy. I know that he did not actually have sex with any of them, but I heard one former Intern quoted as saying that the relationship left a bad taste in her mouth. What do you guys think?
 This book is pure trash regardless of what Jeff Bezos tries to do.
 This is a book normally given away by a campaign, It's a thick campaign pamphlet. Pure pap.
 Looking forward to this showing up in the bargain bin the day after she loses the election so I can buy it for $1 and use the pages to line our dogs' pooping area.
 [The author of this review was unexpectedly suicided. Twice.]
 If it were possible to give a lower rating I would. This duo is bad for America. HilLIARy couldn't tell the truth if her life depended on it. And that running mate of her's is nothing but her puppet.
 Wow! Did Amazon really "fix" the. egative reviews on this book by deleting them? I mean, I know Jeff B. owns the Washington Post but my gosh, is it worth destroying Amazon's greatest assest?
 Outlines Hillary's master plan for world domination while surprising touching little on her penchant for mono-color pantsuits... Disappointing to say the least.
 Amazon gif you are supporting a criminal for president I will stop buying from you.
 Seriously this is a book that should be used to start fires
 was going to buy the book but due to the THOUSANDS of terrible reviews, I wont waste my money. Besides according to CLINTON CASH Hillary doesn't need any money anyway! Guess I'll just wait for the next book: Clinton Body Count or was it Clinton Kill List?
 My review is of a free copy which was given to me to review. I wish the book had been a more enjoyable expose of Mrs. Clinton's plan for America. It was a slow laborious read which appears to have been written by interns on the staff. There is no consistent voice. I can't imagine that anyone who would enjoy this book doesn't already know everything that's in it. Anyone on the fence about Mrs. Clinton's policy ideas would be bogged down by an extreme amount of pointless data that would likely never make it into any law. The ideas are a rehash of every extreme liberal wishlist of the last 40 years all crammed into one policy book that would have been better served to have been free on her website. This book should be free for all; unfortunately it's shouldn't be read by any.
 Garbage. Full of lies and bs.
 Terrible misguided book ever.
 Horrible...
 I thought it would have more substance in regards to political policies. It's a book filled with fluff. Amazon won't let me give it half a star.
 The book focuses on pants suits, raising money and building a personal empire. It fails to stand for values, American hope and the little people.
 This is not really a legitimate book. It is a long campaign ad that I have to pay for to see. Talk about a lame excuse for a book. Perhaps she should have waited and if she and Tim Kaine win, there might be something to crow about.
 If you are a compulsive liar, how can anyone believe a single word in this book. It would be more credible if Cheech and Chong wrote the book.
 Disappointing......expected more but what can you say.
 Starting reading this book last night...awoke with pneumonia and Parkinson's-like symptoms. The first truly toxic book Ive ever touched.
 Terrible book! I bought it at a local book store and felt the need to warn anyone looking to buy this book. Do yourself a favor and wait a week and you will find this fraud filled book in the 99 cent bin at Goodwill.
 No more Clinton or Obama.
 We are stronger together, but the Clinton's have been dividing us for a long long time. Why would anyone want to buy this book?
 The only thing they got right publishing this book of fantasy is the cover photo of Tim and Hillary giving the HEIL HITLER SALUTE. The 2 of them REALLY BELIEVE they need to control ALL of our lives and only they know best. Hillary's foundation is a shining example of what she truly believes in. Power to a few ( hillary and bill ) and the res of us powerless. Don't waste your money, read the reviews of +88% who hate the book.
 Disappointing, nothing about the deleted emails.
 Is it me, or does her body double look thinner on this cover?
 You actually want to get PAID for this garbage?
 The problem with this book is the same problem with Hillary. Its full of lies. It is not an agenda for hard working Americans. It is a continuation of corporate greed and benefits for the global elite.
 WORSE BOOK EVER. This bok is full of lies and mis-truths and this women for 35 hasn't done anything for women other than if they got in way tried to destroy them. Plus there is deep lies about ever doing anything for the African American population. This women is pure evil.
 Borrowed this book from a friend who said it was a waste of time...and was she right! I started reading and it seemed like it was written for the "Keeping up with the Kardashians" audience. Just more generalized statements, with no accuratw data to backup the reasoning. Couldn't bring myself to waste any more time reading it so didn't finish it.
 Maybe if I was oblivious to all the lying, corruption and deception that Hillary Clinton is directly involved in, I would have fallen for some of the contents of this book. These characters, however, are simply not believable. And, it is poorly written. Every now and then I read a book that I know I will never pick up again. This is one of those books. Don't waste your money.
 "What difference,at this point, does it make" what I think? Amazon is going to fudge the reviews anyway!
 Poor rich woman says how hard her struggle is and tries to appeal to the poor while she lies to their face......
 Is abysmal too harsh? Unfortunately, no. I wish this book's hardcopy had been lost among Hillary's 30K emails!
 If you're expecting inspiration, you will probably be disappointed too. I just could not get into this book.
 I could not get passed the first chapter, my mom let me borrow the book and I have since given back to her.
 Total garbage; maybe good to start a fire.
 This book was terrible. .......enough said
 There both mentally ill. Go TRUMP. MAGA.
 TERRIBLE
 One of your so-called deplorables finds your book even more deplorable. And it's irredeemable, too.
 Dishonest on the facts, and on their own agenda ideas when compared to previous voting and speeches
 I must say that this is the funniest read that I've had in a long time....oh, I'm sorry, not the book - the reviews!! LOL
 Tim Kaine talks about his Nazi ties and, hold on, who is knocking on my door at this hour? BRB....
 Very disappointed. Not worth the money. Did not give out any compelling reasons or any major achievement of Secretary Clinton. Does not address the current chaos around the world due to Secretary Clinton's policy. If you really want to buy this book, may I suggest waiting to buy it at the Goodwill store when it is on sale for 50 cents.
 I cannot believe in the sincerity of the author
 I am not a Republican or a Trump and I really did read this book with a very very open mind I promise I was very disappointed with the way it was written I am also shocked that it was written so fast there's no possible way between its release date and only July 29 could it have been made by Tim and Hillary there's just no way obviously was written not buy them but someone else highly edited by professional riders I seriously doubt they devoted the time to writing this book.
 Same old, same old. This is just a repackaging of the same, tired progressive mantra akin to her It Takes A Village writings. It's well written but it wrong thinking! I often wonder if Hillary and her minions believe in magic unicorns that fart pixie dust!
 crooked
 Garbage
 "everything [she] touches she kind of screws up with hubris." "The media isn't fooled and she is getting crucified." "They are going to dick up the legitimate and necessary use of emails with friggin' record rules," “I would rather not have to vote for her, although she is a friend I respect. A 70-year-old person with a long track record, unbridled ambition, greedy, not transformational, with a husband still dicking bimbos at home" "Hillary has not been covering here [sic] self with glory," Powell writes. "For good reason she comes across as sleazy."
 A sequel to Eat Pray Love: Buy Read Vomit.
 Made it through the first 30 pages or so and couldn’t take the misleading context anymore. This is the first candidate that really scares me. I will dispose this book, there is no place in my house for bad things.
 Rambling, poorly written and researched. All propaganda. Sorry I spend the money on this book. Sorry that she is the candidate the Democratic Party rigged to win their primaries.
 Hillary is a liar. Why she would want to put it in print amazes me. Not worth reading.
 This is worst book that I have ever read. If this book is any indication of what a Clinton presidency would look like, I would suggest moving to any other country on the planet.
 LIES, LIES, LIES
 Don't waste your time, just more Clinton propaganda. I didn't get it on Amazon, a neighbor bought it and it was sitting on his table so I glanced through it. Made me sick.
 This book stinks and I don't like it.
 What, no zero star rating? In fairness, I couldn't finish this book because it made my left eye keep wandering down, and to the right.... down... and to the right.
 Sorry, I have no review. I couldn't get past the cover.. Ugh that smile...
 Chris Stevens should read this oh that's right he was killed in Benghazi
 I picked this book up at Good-Will for 1.00(which was still too much, I'm glad the money went to a good cause not a crook). If you read this book you will see how she will ruin the country and cause job loss also she continue to lie about somethings(anyone surprised) and you can tell Kaine is just bad as her plus her kiss up.  I recommend you buy this book used for as cheap as you can just because it shows you how bad this woman is
 What a waste of natural resources and energy. From how hard they work (Clinton/Kaine) to how the same ideas Obama had are suddenly going to work for them, this is proof positive just how out of touch Clinton really is. I got this from a Democrat friend and we're both wondering when are Democrats going to stop the power mongering and get back to actually helping the little guy. Guess Amazon uses the same server as Clinton email!
 Could not get by the cover of the book. Reminded me of the Nazi salute to Hitler, first impressions are ever lasting!
 Remember, if you don't say anything nice about this book, then Amazon will yank the review.
 This book is an absolute waste of time. If i want to hear more lies from Killary Klinton i will tune into to one of the 2 rallies she does each month.
 The biggest hogwash since BILL said "I didn't have sex with that woman." Save your money for a pickled egg. One star only because it, the book, is square.
 Poor context makes this difficult to follow. It's like a documentary written by Edgar Allen Poe -- depressing and you were hoping it was fiction.
 The book clearly shows how corrupt Hillary is and how she lies at every opportunity. Avoid the book and avoid Hillary if you want to preserve your freedoms.
 Tripe
 Awful
 Pure unadulterated lying crap
 If I could give it 0 stars and still provide a review I would. Avoid this vacuous and completely banal piece of trash. I had to put it down halfway through. It's fraudulence is childishly transparent. Don't waste your time.
 This book is awful and I would not recommend to anyone to buy..of course who can believe anything a pathological liar (Hillary) says anyway and why would you pay hard earned money on it, I wish I hadn't!!!! 😝🙁
 Tough read. Not much content or thought put into the roll out of the book. Bounced all over.  After what we have come to find out about Hillary it is tough to buy into any of the idealology of what she is saying.
 This was one of the worst books I have read in quite some time. Very boring and full of propaganda from the Presidential nominee. Don't waste your money on this item, it isn't worth the paper it is printed on.
 This toilet paper was less comfortable than the cheap rolls of thin wax paper you find in portapotties, I'll be going back to Charmin.
 I couldn't believe anything it said and its illegal to return for refund. Unless you pay $200 to book a appointment where they just explain why you can't return it. I recommend waiting for the book she writes in prison.
 Not worth the money. Typical politics and no accountability.
 absolute garbage and lies !
 I wouldn't buy a book authored by CrookedHillary. I happened to pick it up from a misinformed friend. This is one of the poorest attempts at justifying the HRC legacy I have seen. Please don't let her write again.
 Hillary Clinton is a liar and this book is a flat out lie.
 No substance. No truth or reality. Extremely disappointed.
 This book is terrible. Nothing but propaganda. Also, why did you delete so many negative comments Amazon....don't be political.
 Hillary and Kaine. They wear a nice smile, but hide their dark hearts. Both are fully corrupt, bought and owned. Look at Kaine's history as a Jesuit Liberation Theology sociopath in South America, and Hillary's war-torn record and ties to the megalithic fraud the Clinton Foundation.  This book is ghost-written propaganda and is as effervescent as the wispy flotsam touted as policy by these cronies.
 THIS BOOK SHOULD BE TITLED "LIARS TOGETHER." FROM ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS IT SOUNDS LIKE A BLUEPRINT FOR SCREWING AMERICA. I'M GOING TO SAVE MY SANITY AND PASS ON THIS ONE. WHAT I DON'T READ WON'T HURT ME.
 This book is the worst book I have ever not read because why would I waste my time reading a lying, hypocrites book...???
 I somehow managed to read the entire book. If you're liberal minded like me and have trouble sleeping, buy this load of fiction and read prior to bed time.
 I did not buy this book, I try not to read the writings of criminal traitors Using government to get rich quick like HRC
 I don't know what's worse trash Clinton or this book.
 oddly enough after reading this book I decided I'm less inclined to vote for Clinton and more supportive of for Jill Stein
 One star ONLY because you can't give it zero. The usual dishonest tripe from Clinton on how government is the answer to everything and the people are too stupid to live their lives without government (ie elitist Democrat liberal) help.  Wondering how long before the Amazon CEO has this review removed.
 Enlightening as to what Hillary Clinton’s plans are for the country. I am over 100% confident that if this woman is elected, America will never be great again. I see this book comes in the Audible version. I’m glad I didn’t go that route. It would definitely have served to replace the Ipecac in my medicine cabinet.
 Really a terrible book, for sale juat like the books subject.
 Total bs.
 Terrible.
 After reading that AMAZON REMOVES BAD REVIEWS for products (per W N D dot com news article)!!??!! I've lost all faith in Amazon reviews now and will shop elsewhere more often. Thanks Amazon for being politically biased. That's ridiculous!  This book was a lil wordy and I don't agree w/ most of their ideas for keeping the current policies which are hurting this country. It's time for a change!
 Somewhat interesting but lost steam on page 2.
 I too have previously written a review of this book that was among those that were deleted by Amazon. Very poor of them and of BOZOhead to take issue with the folks who review this piece of trash and delete their (our) comments in order to FALSIFY the portrayal of this piece of garbage. This is not the Amazon I have been accustomed to and is smelling a bit like Facebook and zuckerhead with all his political BS manipulating as of late. And the fact that BOZO owns the Washington Post rag mag and has personally hired 20 reporters to do nothing but to try to dig up trash on Mr. Trump should tell us that our comments about this garbage book are likely to be trodden underfoot.  Yes, I have read part of this book and it is garbage. Nothing but communistic and socialistic propaganda for those who mindlessly drink the koolaid that still freely flows. This book does nothing but continue the promotion of all the same failed policies of the last 8 years that have literally destroyed the very fabric of America and replaced it with a mindless mass that sucks up to big government looking for the proverbial handout. Look out, the UN police will soon be knocking on our doors courtesy of Hillary and her policies. And her muslim sidekick is a joke as well. Save your money unless you need some toilet paper..........that is all this book is good for.
 Right when I was about to but this book, Donald Trump became the 45 POTUS. No point now. Thanks Donald.
 Crooked
 I agree with another reader and their analysis. There is nothing redeeming in this book whatsoever and I should have known that but out of curiosity decided to wast the money and a few hours of reading to confirm it for myself. I am baffled at the pure ignorance of our electorate that thinks that just because someone promises lots of benefits with no means of paying for it other than punishing those who have worked hard to become successful or meaningless "Feel Good" positions even though they completely contradict prior positions by Hillary in the past just for the sake of luring voters. As if all of that was not bad enough... The corruptness of this campaign just continues blatantly all around us. These Dems just cannot win without cheating. In case you have noticed, Amazon has actively cooperated with this Dem Conspiracy to win an election at all costs by violating the integrity of the reviews here on their site. Negative reviews keep miraculously disappearing in large numbers. I am disgusted at the fact that the company I trust with Thousands of dollars in annual purchases could be so easily duped into violating that trust over an obvious political bias. It raises into question the overall integrity of the entire review process at Amazon that so many of us loyal customers have come to trust and depend on to make our buying decisions. I have been a ridiculously loyal amazon customer for many years now and make most of my purchases here out or both trust and convenience. At this point I am so frustrated, I will be looking hard at other providers who haven't proven to me their lack of integrity. Political Bias has no place anywhere, especially with an online retailer. I did not take the Walmart/Jet merger very seriously before, but now I think Amazon may be giving them their best opportunity to take market share away. Plenty of people are fed up with this mess.
 Written by Hillary Clinton this book is very one sided with ideas that take us back 50 years.
 Please, do NOT use this book as TP! You will get an incurable infection and die the way Elvis did.  How much does she get from Social Security every month? Will she drain it dry soon?  I had to receive immunity from prosecution before I could post this.  This deplorable will vote for Trump!
 I was going to read this book. But then I decided, "what difference does it make".
 Typical rhetoric put forth by Hillary Clinton..........not worth the few dollars it costs!
 Like other reviewing this so called "book" it came with a certificate good for one free ambassadorship and a guaranteed seat on the State Department advisory board. I only give it one star because when I received the book I found all the pages had been deleted. Amazing that others have had a similar experience.
 only good as a wood stove fire starter
 Editing and deleting reviews. Trying to cover up, just like the on this book is about
 Piled high with pure egotistical BS.
 This book is focus group generated pabulum that has less quality in it than the steaming, sloppy dump I took earlier after my morning coffee. Good for nothing but kindling for after the bombs drop.
 HORRIBLE BOOK DIDNT TALK MUCH ABOUT THE BENGHAZI INCIDENT. I DID READ IF YOU SENT HER YOUR EMAIL SHE WOULD SEND YOU THE DETAILS ON IT THOUGH. ******* THE H IS SILENT IN BENGHAZI *********** review image
 Its sad so many 5 stars from people who claimed i didnt buy it here,,so if u did not buy it here all 5 star reviews should be deleted or reported as spam and trolling.....I do know the positive reviews are fake due to her supporters can not read.
 Didn't read. Won't read. This review is to let Amazon know that jumping into bed with Hillary Clinton is corruption! I am a loyal Amazon customer and I am so disgusted with your blatant bias!
 I am one of hillaries deplorables  Got a copy from a friend read about 50 pages and could not take anymore  encourage Amazon to keep the review report honest and unbiased
 I bought this book because It was advertised as buy one and get a second vote for free. I was so excited until I saw the fine print said I could only use it for voting Democrat. Such a waste.
 Hopefully Amazon will not delete this....we are your bread and butter. But with that being said, poorly written book, had a hard time reading it and actually did more of a speed read. Wouldn't recommend wasting time and or money on this.
 Absolute garbage. This book is a complete fabrication. Don't waste your money.
 A Saudi businessman paid me to buy the book. He offered me many dollars to buy the book claiming that it's for the good of his country. He said I have to buy the book because Hillary will let his country continue to fund terrorism and chop more heads off. After looking at the cover of the book, I had a bad case of diarrhea. With no toilet paper left, the book was a lifesaver. After my dumping, i decided to have a BBQ, but didn't have any lighter fluid. I ripped some pages out the book, and it worked wonders. After I finished eating, the food ran straight through me. Again, I had to use the book. I decided to finally sit down and read the book. I open the book and realized that I only had a few pages left. I accidentally used all the pages already, but at this time, what does it matter? I felt like the book deserved better treatment, so I got my secretary to smash the rest of the book with a hammer. The book was already crooked when I got it. Too bad I didn't buy the digital copy because I could have deleted it off my private server. I was also told that the book has been translated into Arabic to be sold in Benghazi for all you Arabic readers out there. P.S. I am writing this review on my personal computer because everyone does it
 Horrible book! Would not recommend.
 Poorly written and not informative.
 I read this book and found it poorly written, sophomoric and written at a level that would embarrass most fifth graders. What a waste of my time to read this book when I was expecting to get some actual, precise policy statements/positions the candidate was putting forth to improve America.
 don't waste your money on this one
 Horrible; this woman can not be trusted, due to her actions and continuous lies.
 Political tripe and nonsensical theater...self serving and self dealing  Masturbatory act of self grandiosity.
 I don't how long this review will remain before Jeff Bezos has it removed.
 drivel
 Hillary is the single most dangerous person to ever run for public office. She is completely owned by global elites, and is pushing their agenda which basically amounts to an NWO. If she wins this election, life as we know it will be over. No more free speech, no more right to bear arms, and finally the wholesale destruction of our nation through her "dream" of open borders. This is real life people, not a game.
 This book is garbage. All it is a narrative written by a crook about her corrupt system. Don't waste your money, all this book sums up to Be is a waste of useful trees
 What a bore!!!
 This book is almost as bad as the Dem candidates. Watch out Mr. Bezos, before you delete my review, remember that when Trump is president your days of using monopolistic power to control speech are coming to an end.
 Most of the policy positions in this book are failed socialist programs.
 This is simply a terrible book. This woman CAN NOT be President!!
 I don't like reading FICTION.
 just terrible
 What a joke. Book is merely a distraction from Hillary's lousy record.
 Worst book ever. Easily the two most lease interesting people on earth; unless you get ahold of a book laying out Hillary's half decade-long crime spree.
 I should have been paid by Soro's to read this crock of you know what! We are doomed if this lady gets in office!
 Struggled to even finish it.
 Borrowed it from a friend and glad I didn't waste my money and the only reason it got 1 star was I couldn't get any lower. From what I got out of it, if elected, Hillary is going to make us the Democratic People's Republic of America. In other words, finish the US off by making us a Communist country.  And Amazon, I'm pretty sure you people will delete this. I'm about done doing business with yall if your honesty is no better than a Clinton's because you're obviously as untrustworthy as them.
 Beyond Awful
 This book is just abysmal.
 A war criminal's political fantasy. A citizens nightmare.
 This propaganda piece has zero substance. You can listen to MSNBC and hear the same, not necessary to purchase this BS book.
 Sorry, but the only time I cracked this book after the first 20 pages, was when I ran out of Melatonin. Same tired ideas, different time.
 Cant give it no stars so one will have to do..lair,corrupt,thief, blames 12 year old for rape leaves people for dead and the list goes on
 Really?!?
 Absolutely terrible - just like crooked Hillary herself !!!!!!
 I can't understand why a book of lies has this high a rating.
 I will preface my review by saying I would never EVER ! vote for this lying criminal sack of weasel crap (no offence to weasels)  Having said that, For those 1 star reviewers whose reviews had been deleted to complain about Amazon rigging the reviewing system is a bit hypocritical. The vast majority of those reviewers were written by never Hillary people (like myself) who would not waste a penny on this propaganda BS. They are guilty of rigging the review system as much if not more than Amazon.  Having said that here is my one star review I won't bitch if amazon deletes it  The cover of this book looks so much like an ad for cialis l almost expected to see a disclaimer on the bottom of the page that read  "seek immediate medical attention for erections lasting more than 4 hours"  which is ironic because the contents of this book will leave you mentally and intellectually flat and limp.
 Just need some paper for the bottom of the bird cage. Did an ok job but dreams from my father did a better job collecting bird crap.
 Clearly written with the flase narrative she has been pushing during the run up to the election All based on lies No suprise here
 More stories about Hilary being an award winning cage fighter, master of nineteen languages and how George Lucas used her as a model for the Jedi knights. I truly enjoyed her story of how she translated racial epithets into the native language of the orphans that arrived from Syria thanks to her "delayed success" (not "failure") there. She also admitted she invented surfing, wrote songs with Mick Jagger and Tupac, saved a village in Arkansas from destruction from a herd of cows, and once broke her leg in nine places in a helicopter crash but ran for help and set a new record for women's track while doing so. She also claimed her perspiration smells like vanilla, personally assembled Steven Hawking's wheel chair, and won second place in the USMC because she was a woman.  It's odd though. I bought one copy but was charged 7 times for the one book.
 My review is not biased by my political leanings as I don't care for either candidate. I also must admit I didn't purchase the copy I read as I couldn't stomach the thought of any of my hard earned $ going to Clinton or Kane. One might expect the content to be self-serving , and it is. But, ,, this is such a poorly written and I might add, poorly edited book that it was painful to read. I only wish there was a category for less than 1 star. Hey, banks are considering offering negative interest rates, why not negative review numbers. If ever there were a book that deserves less than 1 review, this is it. To be fair, I have not read " The Art of The Deal " yet. That's next on my list. It appears that " Stronger Together " was written in a matter of days, or more likely, had a ghost writer pen some thoughts with the hope of making a quick buck. I can't honestly believe Clinton would stand to benefit any way than monetarily.
 Very poor book. As I read I can't help think what is the truth and what is lie. Tough to turn a sow's ear into a silk purse.
 They didn't write the book together and its full of Yawns.
 It was awful and poorly written.
 Terrible. Nothing about why she used a private server, nothing about the other scandals. She didnt say why DNC Debbie Wasserman Schultz colluded to end Bernies hopes of an honest chance at winning the Democrat nomination. Also nothing about why she then hired the disgraced Debbie Wasserman Schultz who stepped down after this latest scandal. You would think that would be the stuff to get out to sell the book. Its a glossed over sugar coated pamphlet bulked up to fill a book.
 Hilary lied. Americans died. Stronger with whom?
 This is so incredibly bad. I really don't believe she wrote it. The big question is how did her team let this go to print?
 This book is terrible.
 Dishonest and boring.
 I found this book to be self absorbed! Absorbed in the Clintonesque view of what America should be rather than what America should be with a Constitution and maintaining it that way. I don't want America changed to the Clinton America. For all of it's faults America is perfect for me the way it is. We have a great country as it is, and I don't want it remade into a harlot for money. I don't see anything new in this book only the same old diatribe by an elitist self proclaimed person of the people who maintains herself above the law much as Chairman Mao and Stalin did. After reading this it just cements what people have been saying and it has changed me to the point I won't be voting for her, for the first time in my life I am voting for a Republican candidate.
 the book and the ideas suck! More of the same
 Really Amazon???? ****BIAS ALERT**** Now you are scrubbing negative reviews in a pathetic attempt to prop up a candidate? I'm sure this review will be taken down in short order, but let me say this book is horrendous. This so called agenda in nothing more than a glaring pathway to socialism in America..  #TRUMP2016!
 No real content, only ideas on how to socialize America under the Saul Alynski model of communism and socialism.
 The book really suck
 The Clinton mafia may show up and make you change your review as well. The book is a joke like her campaign.
 From reading this book, it is very apparent that Hillary Clinton did not write this. It does appear that there was extensive input from Billionaire Socialist George Soros into the book content.
 I borrowed a copy over the weekend. Made it thru 20-30 pages then skipped thru it all the way to its boring end. Did they get paid to " write " this??
 It is very ashamed for Amazon.com for trying to delete all negative comments about this book (see http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/09/26/bias-alert-amazon-fixed-reviews-for-hillary-clintons-book.html) This is was written by crooked and liar Hillary Clinton who is trying to mislead American people. Everyone see that this is the worst book ever!
 Garbage Book especially with Creepy Kaine
 Makes for a great kindling to get a fire started
 The book was originally savaged by customers, who gave the book an average rating of 1.7/5 stars after over 1,200 reviews. However, Amazon removed many of the negative reviews. By Thursday evening the number of reviews had been cut down to just 255, with many of the most critical gone, whilst 5 star reviews remained.
 Simply awful, disingenuous and nauseating. Ugh
 I looked forward to learning some substantive insights. What a total disappointment!!! Worthless.
 Really Amazon, YOU too!? I will now shop elsewhere. BIAS ALERT: "Hillary Clinton's newest book, "Stronger Together," has been met with critical reviews and slow sales since its release earlier this month. But Amazon.com appears to be helping the Democratic presidential nominee by removing negative reviews from its website, WND.com reported. The book, co-authored by Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, sold just 2,912 copies in its first week on sale, according to Nielsen BookScan. And the online ratings have been abysmal, with 81 percent one-star ratings and an average of only 1.7 on Amazon.com after it hit book shelves on Sept 6. Amazon, however, has tried to fix that. According to WND.com -- which has been tracking the number of reviews -- Amazon deleted hundreds of comments last week that were critical of the book, which lays out a policy blueprint of how the country would look under a Clinton-Kaine administration. On Thursday, Amazon -- whose CEO, Jeff Bezos, owns the Washington Post -- said there were 91 positive reviews compared to 166 critical ones, according to WND. Just two days earlier, there were 1,244 reviews -- 81 percent of them with one-star and 16 percent with five-star ratings, the website reported. As of Monday morning, 85 percent of the customer reviews on Amazon gave it one star, while only 11 percent gave it five stars. The book dropped from No. 840 on Amazon's best-seller rankings early last week to No. 1,538 on Thursday. One reader, identified as Robert S Lionel JR, gave the book a one-star rating and wrote, "Every time I write my review it gets deleted, it's so weird. Does anyone know where the servers are hosted that contain reviews?" Another reader commented: "I expected that Amazon tweaked reviews but have lost all belief in Amazon reviews now. Will switch to Walmart for ordering most the things I used to buy here." According to Amazon's description, the book "presents [their] agenda in full, relating stories from the American people and outlining the Clinton/Kaine campaign's plans on everything from apprenticeships to the Zika virus." Many of the poor reviews appeared to hit the candidate rather than the substance of the book. Of the comments that critiqued the book, readers used words such as "boring" and "dishonest" in describing the 250-page text interspersed with bullet-point policy ideas."
 Nothing to see or read here folks. Save your money and buy your loved one something special.
 I received this book as a gift. I used it to shim an uneven table leg. The table collapsed.
 Not a good book.
 This book is a total piece of crap. Don't waste any of your money on it.
 Nauseating dribble! Quit about 1/2 way through. Total waste of time effort and money
 I bought this book at Costco just to see what they really stand for. I was sorely disappointed! This book is about as boring as the authors' speeches, which is essentially what this book is. I will probably trade it in at Half Price Books to see if I can get anything for it....don't bother....
 Tried to get through this book. Too close to lunch to stomach anymore of it. Thought it might guide me one way or the other, and it did. She is worse than Nixon. Corruption, subverting the constitution and a pathological liar. Her first instinct is to lie. Destruction of evidence. Where does it end ? Don't waste your money on this !
 This book is full of lies. just like HRC is full of lies and deceit. Never Hillary.
 Tried to read but kept falling asleep and had nightmares. Cover scares my kids.
 This book was awful, full of lies and untruths. Its propaganda for the stupid.
 Lies are all that come from her mouth.
 Omg... Really?
 Don't like it.
 What a horrible book. I attempted to read it, but was unable to stomach the Liberal Agenda. While the title sounds wonderful, I have seen an interesting video that showed the ability to snap a bung of green twigs when they were bundles together, but the single twig would bend and not break. In an agenda that promotes an entitlement society, we weaken the fabric of our society. Imagine an old sheet that has been washed many times and bleach has been used on it. It has many threads sewn together, yet it rips apart easily. OUR SOCIETY IS ONLY AS STRONG AS THE FABRIC THAT HOLDS IT TOGETHER. The fabric of our society needs to be based on honesty and integrity. The writer of this blueprint does not appear to have either. When she went through the scandal of Bill's, while he was in the Whitehouse and obviously a few of his interns, I held her with a high regard for appearing to stand by his side and bear the humiliation without turning on him. I failed to see at that time, it was just because her aspirations were to ride to the top and she didn't care what she had to do to get there. Now I am saddened to learn that Amazon is choosing to delete the reviews that are being posted on this book. I did not purchase it through Amazon, so they can not verify I purchased it. I borrowed a friends copy at work, just because I have always been told, Know your enemy! Now I intend to watch and see if they delete my review.
 Pretty sure this book causes cancer.
 It's not even good for toilet paper.
 No solutions are suggested. This is simply another get rich scheme of the Clintons. I wrote before and it wasn't posted. I note That "Catherine F" aka Chelsea has numerous reviews lauding her momma with five stars.
 Waste of time
 This book is the worst work of fiction and dishonesty ever produced! The waste of all paper the publisher should anger all the environmentalists on Earth! For E-readers do not waste your data!!!
 Even my sister, a devout Democrat and fearless progressive, is dumbstruck on the level of worthlessness this book, and Hillary for that matter.
 This book like all of her books are well written. However, the book is clearly a campaign pitch and her trying convince you of something she is not and an agenda that she probably wont follow up in a competent manner if given the chance.. The book could be viewed by many readers as just another way for her to increase her bank account, a well documented c haracter trait. The book might serve a useful purpose to contrast this with her public statements, public service (if a realistic, unbiased account can be found). Public records and her own public statements clearly demonstrate a lack of credibility and a serious problem with the truth, certainly this is not a quality one would want in a book author. For those readers who truly want to read accurate, factual material Clinton's books fail on all accounts. With these comments in mind a buyer needs to reflect o n whether it is worth purchasing. It is assumed that readers (irregardless of political affiliation) will search to find the real truth that the Clinton's are hiding especially in their published materials. Clinton's lack of honesty clearly mars her as a believable author.
 I couldn't get past the first few pages... This is as dull and boring as a book report given by a student-and not a college student, either.
 It's predictably trite and the motivation so obvious that it's dull.
 I borrowed this book from one of my friends who just adores Hillary. I found the book to be boring as heck. It is a rambling treatise of stories trying to relate on how Hillary will make America Great Again. Unfortunately, she is more boring in book form than in real life. I know more corpses that are more entertaining than her. It is really a horrible book. The only person that will be stronger about is Hillary as apparently she got like 14 million up front to make this book. I feel bad for them. The lady needs to get a real physical from a neurologist because many of the words were incomprehensible to me. Horrible book, Horrible book.
 Read, or tried to read, a friends copy, what a confirmed, pathalogical lier this woman is, unblievable. Do not waste your time with this "book", its all make believe.
 Amazon removes negative reviews?
 Boring read
 More Liberal/Progressive tripe from a giddy loon and a gawdy liar. How stupid do you have to be to believe they're agenda is anything more than vote pandering? Say whatever you have to say to the group in front of you to snooker them into voting you into office.
 Can't convince myself she's intelligent enough to write a book.... Why is she still here? I'm sure bribery and extortion have a bit to do with that.  Just ashame so many trees were wasted to put this garbage out here.
 Poorly written. Bad concept.
 I mean, I asked them to email me a copy of the book so I can read it on all my devices. I couldn't even get that.... apparently it went through the wrong server?
 I do not recommend this book. Nothing more than hot air.
 Why isn't she in jail or at least kicked out of the USA
 Sucks waste of time to read
 Will this book teach me how to be unethical(and get away with it)? Or maybe just make me a better liar?
 Yeaks, here we go again, more is not enough for the lies through the scams and promises of people with no real truthful character or presence. I hope you don't spend any of your GOOD money on this fabrication. Yeaks, again
 Wow, what a liberal politized group Amazon is, this book has had weak reviews just being short of garbage and Amazon edited the reviews. Again we can not trust any Amazon reviews as they may be connected to the manufacturer or the Politician. Amazon reviews are now a wasted read to me and should be to the rest of consumers
 Lousy book! Don't waste your hard earned money! Thankfully I borrowed it from a friend! I got halfway through the dribble and decided to vote for Trump! In all likelihood she will make another hundred dollars off this book! Amazon is obviously in the tank for Hillary! I'm going to start shopping at Walmart!
 Horribly written with even worse ideas....reading the labels of canned goods not only more interesting, but would lead to better foreign policy!!!!!
 Great book to read if your having problems sleeping.
 Hillary is awful and a disgusting person! Good riddance. Hillary for PRISON. Btw, this book was AWFUL.
 Unbelievable. This book is nothing more than a campaign ad and I was foolish enough to buy. Would suggest that anyone considering think twice.
 This book makes me sick because it reminds me of the time Hillary Clinton hacked into a glass of water then drank it a few moments later. Gross!
 You can't hide the truth.
 I would never purchase a book from this criminal.
 There is no bigger piece of crap on the Amazon store than this book.. I didn't even see one positive 5 star review.. this is a test to see if my remark gets removed by Bozos.
 Wow.  Borrowe this book fom someone who truly regrets the purchase.  Got to rate as possibly the worst book ever read. Don't know how I actually stomached thru it.  Complete rubbish.
 I cant believe i wasted my time just looking at the title of Hillary Clinton's book. It is literally the most disgusting,hard to look at cancer giving thing i have ever seen in my entire life. Good bye world
 Lame attempt to justify the Democrat plan to third-world USA. This piece of trash should tell you what you would get in the White House.
 Absolute propaganda, and not even well written. Just garbage.
 worst piece of literary crap I have ever read.
 Read it of you are poisoned and need to vomit.
 I didn't think anything could be worse than listening to her (speak) lie. But I stand corrected... this is worse... SO. MUCH. WORSE.
 Poor read, ghostwriting and filled with lies.
 The book as a fictional tale that borders on fairy tale...
 Wow! This is my second posting, apparently the Clintons are running amazon now and remove any negative reviews. She must think the American public is stupid. What a total book about her lies and scams. The Clintons are nothing but crooks! Hilary really needs to go to prison. Except her gang controls all the judges!
 This book should be less than one page, to list all her accomplishments you would need only a few square millimeters. Except for killing an Ambassador and a few innocent Americans. Oh, and don't forget about the 53 "friends" she had whacked....
 Just another tired regurgitation of the last 2 centuries of failed Marxist policies.
 This book is absolute garbage. Not worth reading or digesting in any way. Shameful propaganda from a failing candidate.
 Blech!!
 Nothing interesting just blah blah blah blah Hillary Clinton knows how to annoy people I hope she will not be president she is basically good for nothing the only thing that she is Good in is "lying that she is not lying"
 Hillary and Tim get 0 stars for this poorly executed political sales pitch.
 A 1 star review for a book written by a 5 star liar. Absolutely dreadful.
 worst piece of clap trap ever written
 On Thursday, Amazon -- whose CEO, Jeff Bezos, owns the Washington Post -- said there were 91 positive reviews compared to 166 critical ones, according to WND. Just two days earlier, there were 1,244 reviews -- 81 percent of them with one-star and 16 percent with five-star ratings, the website reported.
 Amazon is deleting negative reviews of this book. This book is awful.
 The left says that we are on a witch hunt.... but what happens now that we actually found a witch?!?!
 I read this book cover to cover and I absolutely disagree with Hillary Clingon. I do not recommend!
 More Lies - wish folks would wake up - Terrible shame that we as a nation only have the two choices
 There is much about this book to discuss. I particularly liked the chapter on fashion, which plunges “garage-sale-chic” to a new low level. Most people inspired by unsightly hospital gowns, worn-out sofas, 1970’s drapes, quilted oven mitts, and burlap sacks would just recycle from those exact items and save a bundle on wardrobe costs. Hillary, however, has no need for frugality with all the donations she receives from shady foreign sources. Therefore, she found a way to successfully recreate every one of these signature looks AND spend thousands of dollars doing it! Much the way she would run a government program. Why spend less when you can spend more to achieve a disastrous result? (Still, I suspect in some lonely budget hotel on a bleak stretch of highway, a tired stained mattress is missing its bedspread.) The chapter devoted to make-up offers helpful tips for any morally-diseased person whose decaying ethical condition has begun to manifest physically. Efforts to disguise this inconvenient problem finally culminated in the combined use of mortuary cosmetics, copious drugs, and various medical devices (cleverly hidden under the aforementioned garments), along with snarky misdirection and outright lies to deflect the truth. The ultimate result is the candidate you now see shuffling unsteadily up to a podium to cough disingenuous, divisive rhetoric into a microphone before tepid crowds of dozens. Here we find the real drama of the story. Will all the tape, spackle, boosters, supports, and trickery hold? Or will we witness another devastating public collapse? We shall see. The chapter on personal hygiene: Short. Woefully short. Shampoo wasn’t even mentioned. This book teaches what a gargantuan effort it is to prop up a crumbling failed ideology and maintain an illusory, deceitful public image. Even with the help of a fawning and complicit media, it’s not an easy task to deceive the populace. There just isn’t much time left over for accomplishing anything productive, fulfilling promises, running a clean campaign, or rescuing a dying friend under siege in remote Benghazi. Unfortunately, I have to give this book minus 5 stars due to the stale plot, which is nothing more than a thinly-disguised plan to transfer individual sovereignty and resources to the political elite. But I like to end on a high note: though poorly written and deservedly criticized, this book will go on to grace many a bargain bin in dollar stores across this land and eventually find its way into the sewers and landfills of our great nation. Where it will be right at home.
 HORRIBLE READ by a HORRIBLE person!!!
 if you are familiar with The Manifesto of the Communist Party by Marx and Engels, then there is not much new here. Her bottom line philosophy is "From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs" It will not work in America.
 If I ever pay for a politicians "plan" again I should be shot! It was like trying to read sand paper up close, it just scrapes your eye balls. Don't waste your time or money!
 The book is terrible but what the writers intend to do to our country is HORRIBLE ! I suggest everyone read the book if for no other reason to help decide who they should vote for.
 The book was well written but should have been listed as fiction. What she outlines that she can do has to be pure fiction or they would've been done in the last eight years.
 I wish I had gotten the paperback version rather than the Electronic Download.  At least the paperback could have been used as kindling or doubled as toilet paper.
 I can't say enough about this.
 Stick to selling things Bezos.
 What a horrible display of cronyism by amazon. I order most things from Amazon, but will re-think that now that I know they have deleted negative reviews of Hillary Clinton, the liar. bad move for business....but then again so is she.
 Piece of garbage!
 Very bad book. I rather get a doctor to do my rectum than read again review image
 I wrote a great review on this book and saved it in my email but found it had been deleted
 Started reading it in a store waiting for a friend. Got through about 30 pages, painful is all i can say, her printed words are even harder then listening to her speak
 The Washington Post reviewed it best: Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine have written a deplorable campaign book. As Carlos Lozada said in his professional review " I don’t understand why this book was compiled — “written” is too generous a verb — or why it was published. If you really want to dive into the Clinton/Kaine promises and proposals, the campaign website awaits you. You don’t need to wade through this book. No one does. No one should. The only people I imagine reading it are future fact-checkers, masochistic book critics and the most strung out of political junkies."  It's a joke. I was given this book as a joke because I despise Hillary. And it lived up to it. I tried to read some of it. What a piece of garbage. Filled with campaign rhetoric and nonsense. Just like Hillary I guess. But at this point as Hillary said after she let 4 Americans die in Benghazi " What difference does it make?" The entitled eat this class warfare lunacy up.
 sucks
 If you purchase, one should be certain to wipe it clean like with a cloth or something.
 I don't like all the puerile reviewers writing harsh reviews simply because they hate the author. I started to read with an open mind but it was just so mind numbingly BORING. I couldn't finish the first 30 pages, all the best though.
 Give the $9.50 to your grandkids - a much better investment than this book of lies.
 Hypocrisy in print. Unbelievable! Don't waste your $$$!
 I found this book to be lacking detail and quite boring. I won't be reading again.
 I really thought there would be something new in here....some fresh perspective / plans for how they would lead America post-Obama. But it is really more recycled campaign speeches...and a policy wonk's dream.  :=(
 The book is rubbish, lies after lies. Prior to adding Kaine to her ticket she couldn't stand the guy. Not worth buying or wasting your time to read.
 Just a dreadful thing to read. I think I will read Clinton Cash as it will be more interesting and truthful than this waste of propagandized paper.
 This book is not only full of lies, it is also incredibly boring. More rambling than anything else. I implore you to spend your money elsewhere.
 More globalist pro Hillary garbage. It's disgusting what's going on..  [...]
 I read this book to my dog and he fell asleep. Soon after I did too. But to be fair I'm not really fond of fiction anyway. Neither is my dog.
 She is totally untrustworthy and should be in jail. I am disturbed that Jeff Bezos allowed the manipulation of the ratings. Shame on Amazon.
 This book blows
 This book was ghost written by Bill Ayers.
 Nothing but lies and utopian communistic vision Dems want to force on us.
 Excellent introduction to communism and elitist globalism....what a waste
 Want to learn how to lie professionally? Read this book. Want America to be destroyed? Vote for Crooked Hillary and Cuckold Kaine. review image
 Boring.
 got the book as a gift, really bad, put it down after 5 minutes reading
 The most boring and most misleading ideological hog wash ever written.
 I just wasn't you to know, that I saw a report that you at Amazon were playing games with the reviews of this book. I read many of them today, and I hope to see them there the next time I look. You can check and see how good an Amazon customer I am.
 More propaganda from Hitler-ry. Need I say more? I wouldn't waste my time with this career politician, dishonest, etc.....
 Don't waste your time
 Bet this review gets deleted too. Couldn't stay awake to read the last few pages. Just a terrible read and pack of lies.
 After reading just the first page I threw up.. all over the book. Now I can't return the book! What a waste of money!
 Not worth the money.
 What a waste of time
 Who on earth would trust this woman with America? I would not trust her to run a snow cone machine, let alone give her access to our treasure, our troops and our nuclear arsenal. Trump may be a loudmouth, but he does not need our money and only wants to make us strong again. This tired old hag will be our undoing. Benghazi should make her ineligible for public office for the remainder of her sad life.
 Probably the worst book ever written. Considering how fake Hillary is, she probably didn't even write it either.
 Too bad you only as strong as your weakest link, failed title.
 Hate it and hate her. Lying, murdering, fat old bag. Now for the negative stuff... Completely in the pocket of the establishment. It's just a manifesto of the final destruction and enslavement of the middle class. They've already got most of the po' people enslaved as it is. Just trying to get the rest of us moved to the plantation. But then, who will they take money from? Oh, that's right, rich middle eastern folks. As always. Think twice before you vote for this kind of future.
 I just wanted to add that reading the reviews are more entertaining than reading this book.
 I found the book to be derivative and dull. The voice I heard when readimg it was that of Oprah Winfrey telling me how inconvenienced she was for telling me the obvious points of the book.
 Wonderful work of fiction that promotes tried and failed ideas. Stale and uninspiring. Want to drive an economy and a country off a cliff? Follow the ideas set forth in this book.
 Terrible - no flow at all. What is wrong with this author?
 I'm sure this book is full of fun insights but whenever I try to bring myself to read I just hear the words "lock her up" repeated over and over in my head. I'm really not sure what to think of the situation. review image
 I bought this book as a gift to my intern. After casually leafing through it, she put it on the floor, knelt on it, applied more chapstick, and continued her diligent work.
 Obama.....Hillary....What difference does it make?
 The lowest level is a positive 1 star. I would have given it a minus 5. One of the worst books I have ever read. Not even good enough for toilet paper.  They should call it fiction because it's all lies.  Don't waste your time or money on this book.
 Received book as a gift,honestly looks like She and He did NOT wrote this stuff at all,so hard to follow,tried very hard to stay awake thru readings,I just can not get thru the end at all,real boring articles and it looks like she and he wants you to see them as only the saviors and options for our great nation,i got the impression that she wants us to believe that she is a victim and we are descriminatory towards to nominate a woman for president of the USA. Well my english is quite bad due to being of hispanic origins but this lady and gentleman are not getting thru my mind at all..real boring book. My advice drink lots of coffee before and during reading ..works better than my slepping pills
 I found this book in the stall of our men's room at work...apparently someone used a couple of pages as toilet paper and left the rest for others. I sat down and read the book for a spell and decided it was best used as toilet paper. It is that bad. What country were these people born in...it sure as heck wasn't the USA. I feel I should sue the author's for ruining what could have been a good bowel movement. I only gave it one star because it wasn't too bad as toilet paper.
 Hated even giving this a one star. This book is full of lies and hypocrisy as her life is!
 Amazon is getting very close to losing me as a customer completely! This book is terrible, full of nonsense.  Amazon better look in the mirror!
 Waste of money, if you want to hear Hillary lie, all you have to do is turn on the TV.
 Just a terrible piece of work. A mass jumble of words. Nothing new what so ever.
 Absolutely deplorable read. Hillary should fire whoever wrote this book for her.
 Shame on Amazon. Won't waste my money on this piece os s***. BTW...amazon also censored a book that was written about Sandy Hook. Free speech? Such a joke these days. I have been a loyal amazon prime member & have purchased prime memberships as gifts. Will be doing business elsewhere.
 she must be paying the people at amazon off with that 6 billion dollars she lost as secretary of state. thanks amazon for the free press
 Pure smoke and mirrors.
 the author has issues relating to credibility.
 You should be ashamed Amazon. This book is filled with lies and is poorly written. Feel free to delete my review like the others.
 This book was a huge disappointment....just like Hillary. .....but you should read it undoubtedly so you know how the other side thinks. If you were wavering in your vote, read thus book and you will vote RED.
 This book is a paradox to how her health is.
 This is my 3rd review since it has been deleted twice. Honestly, this book is terrible and shadows honesty that will never come to light with Hillary in Office. This book was written to bolster ratings and lies to segregate who Hillary really is. This is the most expensive bathroom tissue on the market.
 Well, there were no major spelling errors. I guess that's something.
 The content of the book is horribly! In reality, it reads like fiction!
 Unreadable. Boring. Watch how fast Amazon deletes this review. It's magical.
 Why this book isn't in the fiction section, I will never understand.
 Very well written. I covers a wide range of topics but unfortunately is full lies and that is easily verifiable.
 What a bunch of junk. What do you expect from a pathological LIAR!!
 Elitism, socialism, more of the same.
 Awful...just what I expected from her!
 This book is horrible as expected since the author is as well. If you ask her to come up with any material that is legal to write about she comes up empty. I would not rust her with taking out the trash let alone the presidency.  THE ONLY QUESTION IS WHY DO REVIEWS KEEP BEING DELETED/HIDDEN?
 I ordered this book because I wanted to see their plan. But I also really care about the environment so I didn't want all those trees getting cut down to print the book. I requested that they email me a digital copy but something happened and the email got deleted. I'll improve my rating when the emails come out.
 I did not read the book so I am going to review Amazon-if they are deliberately trying to sway anything for either party, they are guilty of bias since the sell to voters of both sides-I have purchased from Amazon for many years and expect that both sides will be treated the same from Amazon---
 GET CLINTON CASH GRAPHIC NOVEL! ITS GREAT AND VERY REVEALING OF WHO THESE NASTY CLINTONS REALLY ARE!
 But she is 50 points AHEAD!!!!! SMH
 I will never buy anything from Amazon again. politicks...
 Boring and nonsense! Most of it lies, lies and more lies!
 Not as articulate as one could have hoped.
 Liar total crap
 For one, the Title itself is misleading. We have had many decades of Hillary Clinton. The Stronger Together motto gives the illusion that we would part of the solutions she outlines in her very boring book. Her solutions won't work and are filled with the continual lies she is so famous for. No one trusts her and "the people" would NEVER have a voice in. This is a runaway train. Just another lie along with the other trash in her book. It was nice fiction though.
 Number 11,471 among all Amazon books two days before the Presidential election? What more can you say? This self-serving book by Hillary Clinton is a dud.
 A lot of untruths in this book! Not worth reading.
 Makes for a crappy read and crappier tp make my eyes and ass bleed
 amazon is trying to fudge the numbers on this one , im just putting it out there to make their jobs a little harder, and if they take mine down I wont order from amazon ever again .
 awful
 Got to page 4 then I tossed it in the fireplace.
 I downloaded my free sample of the book ,could not justify spending 4.99 for this one, Even with the 69% drop in price. Simon and Schuster don't like to loose money!
 I found that the pages easily detached to facilitate picking up dog excrement in my yard. Of course two pages are "stronger together" and can better protect your hands from smelling like Hillary's diaper.
 I ran out of toilet paper....
 Pretty boring, although I did learn in chapter 8 that crossing the Clintons is the 4th leading cause of death in America.
 Trump, finish this woman off in tonight's debate. No more "Stronger Together" lies. No more of Bozos' censorship. Can't you hear America First's people sing?
 Great book, as many other reviewers here accurately describe.  It also includes a recipe section, the gem among which is "Donald Shrimp". Try it today.
 I hate it
 Reading this book is a religeous experience. You find yourself feeling the beat of your heart leap from your chest in ferver. No exaggeration, my hand flies autonomously into the air after every paragraph as I exhail that familliar mantra. As I imagine a world where everyone is equal, I am proud to know that achieving that by any means necessary is moral.  Hillary provides serveral exames of a new world worth fighting for. Where the master race has full control. I am unsure if when she says 'Muslim' she means White or not, but that is a defail for a later date. As she is white herself  In all, I included an excerpt from the book in the images. Please read it and if you feel inspired, this is a Must Buy for you!  May our Dear Leader win, regardless of how,  Pepi. review image
 I decided yesterday to not buy this book and wait for the library to acquire it.  Today I received notice of an IRS audit on Thursday.  Coincidence? I think not.
 Boring and should be listed as fiction.
 Jeff Bozo, you and Amazon, as great as it is, are going to go down the tube like Hillary if you don't stop deleting all of the negative Hillary book reviews. You are going to lose many good customers so wise up buddy. In the book, I was looking to see how Hillary and Bill were able to delete all of those witnesses that never got to testify against them, and got away with it, since Bill was governor of Arkansas. But no such luck. I also wanted to learn more about the illegal drugs for guns that were flown in to Mena airport by the CIA in Arkansas when Bill was governor, but again no such luck. You cannot make this stuff up. Stranger than fiction. And I do not read fiction.
 Just found out the CEO for Amazon also end the Washington Post. I will no longer use Amazon. For this man to edit reviews of a product in order the help elect a president: are we living in Nazi Germany???!
 Save yourself the nightmares and do not read this dark, horrible book. It details how Clinton and Kaine can become stronger together by raking in unending cash from Wall Street, foreign governments, various lobbyist groups and by renting out the Lincoln bedroom. Hillary's ghost writer chillingly informs the reader how HRC and Timmy plan to usher in a renewed age of corporate bailouts, global outsourcing, marginalization of minorities, environmental fracking and continual wars for profit. This haunting tome will serve as the NeoLiberal guide for fear mongering, rigging elections and manipulating the gullible for years to come. Please save both your money and your sanity and avoid reading this blueprint for corruption, selfishness and greed.
 Again, it's a bad book.
 wow, just a terrible read. I'm not sure if I can return this pos but i'll try.
 My review keeps disappearing - my only guess is Hillary is deleting things again!
 Bezos, we are on to you. Knock your s*** off.
 I have to say, some the best entertainment I've seen lately are all these one star reviews of Hilarious Clinton's collection of toilet paper disguised as a book. Keep up the good work reviewers!
 Tim Kaine is our Senator in Virginia; if there was ever a more reliable "yes man" vote for the military industrial complex I've yet to see it. Kaine combined with Hillarys long bloody history of destabilizing foreign governments should serve as great caution to anyone concerned about starting WW3.
 Changed my mind about volting for this lady. My dad too who I borrowed the book from. Just same old failed policies and lies. Looks like I'll have to vote Trump. Nothing new here, move along...
 I read the book and just found myself daydreaming and getting extremely sleepy. Do not agree with any of the view points and like the health of the candidate I found the book just as lifeless.
 Terrible that Amazon is fixing the ratings on such a horrible book. Hillary Clinton can't sell anything that is hers, only something that doesent belong to her. Wait to see what she does if she gets elected, she'll sell America to the highest bidder, just like she sold favors when she was secretary of state.
 Poorly written, definitely a rush job to try to reach more voters. Offers poor arguments from a rich, privileged, criminal
 Geez.... Seriously!?
 CRAP!
 She is scum. Hillary 4 Prison!
 I'd write a review for this awful book, but I'm afraid that I might then end up being found in a park, having committed suicide by shooting myself in the back of the head....twice.
 Not good. Neither is Clinton.
 Hollow.
 This book is not worth buying, hope I don't find my self mysteriously committing suicide for writing this post.
 Klinton Kaine Kampaign The new KKK.... Just ask them about BlackIvy's 23 CENTS/ hour wages in Ghana.
 She may be the next president, but this book is rough. Boring. Hard to believe Hillary and Tim couldn't do better. Felt like the longest book I've ever read. Sad.
 Found this on the ground at the flea market, after carefully reading every word I have decided as an "editorial favor" to rename the book "MEIN COUGH"
 I was going to buy this book and read it but just before I completed the sale I had a seizure and passed out . So I figured that was a sign from above to stay away from it. Besides that I did read the front of the book and the sight of it made me sick and nauseated. The reviews here were great though and reading them gave me the strength to recover because laughter worketh like a medicine. I wish someone would publish a book on all these reviews.....It would be a best seller.
 This book put me in a coma.
 I thought that I would truly enjoy the book, as I am a Hillary supporter. It contains so much fluff and is so poorly written, that I couldn't possibly recommend it. Tim Kaine has some thoughtful insights, and I do like the message that we are all better off together, but the book just isn't well, very good. I would recommend Waiting until you can get it used.
 Yep....my review was deleted too. Can't say anything at all about the dumb ideas put forth by Queen Sleeze
 This book will hang in our hunting cabin's outhouse. The paper is quite absorbent, the best thing that can be said about this piece of drivel. We will take pleasure in knowing our left-wing friends (how did that happen?) are wiping their butts with Hillary's words. Sorry about that Tim, you are a good guy caught in a vortex.
 What a waste of time. I feel like hillary should refund everyone who purchased this book.
 As bad as this book was, it does have a huge therapeutic effect. I suffer from chronic constipation. I found that reading this book gives me a violent urge to purge my bowels! The pages do make for poor toilet paper, however. I recommend just keeping the book intact for its purging effect. Best read when actually seated on a toilet! Weight gain readers can possibly benefit from the books potential emetic qualities. Violent urges to orally purge one's stomach contents can be had from any reading of this book. Sorry. I tried to be clinical (look up the word "emetic") rather than graphic. But the book does have beneficial qualities that have been largely over looked. Two whole stars!
 I wish I could give no star at all - this book is about as boring as hillarys campaign... This book alone should preclude Hillary from running for president.
 Total garbage! !!
 This is just a comic book that tries to cover criminal behavior. It is a great book for people with no IQ. She will have time to write more books in prison
 Sad!
 drivel
 30 years records of personal gain but public failure. This is the type of person we need least for this country. This book is not worth reading.  Jeff Bezos supports Hillary because he benefits from terrorism. With terror attacks to the malls, people avoid to go to shores and instead do shopping on Amazon. Amazon sales surge as a result. That's why Jeff Bezos supports Hillary's open border policy and welcomes more refugees with ISIS fighters infiltrated. And that's exactly why Amazon deletes thousands of one star reviews of Hillary's book.
 Sort of a boring, turgid campaign promo piece. Nothing new, this is a bunch of old and retreaded stuff from her speech writers. Don't waste your money.
 Bruh. What even is this?
 Absolutely disgusting...
 There are many other places online to purchase things that don't have Totalitarian impulses. Oh yeah, the book sucked
 Amazon originally deleted my review and that sucked. I can't believe many CEOs and people are voting for her which must be stopped. Hillary keeps lying about her emails and her server, she also co-founded ISIS with Obama. Go home Hillary, you're going to hell.  Please don't take this down again, Amazon!  UPDATE: I've seen most one star reviews from today that have been taken down by Amazon. Amazon needs to learn about the first amendment.
 Horrible plot. I didnt realize this was a science fiction book until I received it. Next time I will read the description better before I buy.
 This was a great laugh!
 She is terrible
 Amazon is about to lose a loyal customer. Stay out of politics . PS, I know a lot of people who use Amazon, they won't be impressed.
 horrible writing...how did they write this so quickly? Oh wait, someone else wrote it....
 If you like the way our country has changed over the last 8 years, you are going to love this book.
 All I can say is if this is what we have to look forward to in the next 4-8 years, God help us, every one. Same old dribble, boring read, failed policies reenacted. I was looking for something new and unique, not here. Is this the best we can do, America? Really?
 If you purchase this book, don't blame the HONEST reviewers, we tried to warn you.
 Garbage. 0 Stars if I could.
 Don't buy this book. A complete waste of $. Factual errors and full of veiled "progressive" socialistic evils that undermines our liberty. Nothing but failures.
 I don't recall reading this book nor do I recall writing this review but at this point what difference does it make?
 More lies by one of the most polished, corrupt, political candidates of all time. I could not like any of it because I cannot and do not believe what she says.
 I honestly was given this book and got as far as the cover. Don't tell Amazon, they will delete the review.
 Horrible like her
 Not good enough to line a bird cage, i would be mad if it did not get it for free.. Don't waste your time.
 Garbage.
 This was harder to get through than the Turner Diaries-- at least the latter had some shred of sincerity.
 Shame on you Amazon for deleting truthful reviews. Befoer you delete a review that states the book sucks, perhaps you should read it. Then you will know it sucks. The book is horrible. Exactly what you would expect from horrible candidates. Gary Johnson's book " Don't ask me questions" would be a better use of the money. Hillary failed on the book. Amazon failed on the cover up.
 What a piece of garbage.
 It shows the lack of a vision for American; but, simply a legacy of continuation of current conditions.
 With no credibility, this needs to be in the fiction section on Amazon.
 This is pure liberal trash!!!  Amazon if you remove this, the THOUSANDS of $$$ I spend on Amazon each year will be spent elsewhere!!!!!
 The only thing worse than this book is reading one of obama's books! What a frigging Joke! The uninformed are truly getting their money's worth.
 I do not like your crazy book. I do not like the way you look I do not like your crazy plan To steal from every working man Please go away by land or sea I do not like you Hillary.  Your "new ideas" make little sense, Eraser of the evidence. You've caused a lot of people pain I do not like your Timmy Kaine. Please let us be. Please, please just go! You modern day Pinocchio.
 Clinton and Kaine don't have a plan for America that will work. They want to continue with the same ineffective and corrupt policies of the failed Obama regime. Clinton is a filthy liar who has compromised the security of the nation and is responsible for the deaths of four brave Americans in Benghazi during the terrorist attack on 11 Sept 2012. Don't buy books from crooks.
 If I should come up missing for this low rating tell my family I loved them and...oh crap! someone is banging on the door...I have to go now.
 Better not write a review that's critical of this dumb book because it will get deleted. Nuff said
 Once the book is read just clear your mind because you can't believe anything she says or writes.
 Liberal Propoganda rag
 Very disappointing, dull. Does nothing to motivate you to vote for her. Just more Obama ideas.
 Down with censorship.
 The book was full of half truths and lies. Don't bother reading.
 I've never seen a bigger load of lies and propaganda.
 This book is full of lies and if amazon was wise they would ban this piece of Clinton Crap.
 I can't believe they printed this trip. I guess the publisher was hoping name recognition would be enough to sell. What a waste of my time and money this read turned out to be.
 I just got done reading this book and I must say "what difference does it make at this point". It's utter garbage. I'm going to use it for kindling in my fireplace. On second thought I'll handle it like toxic material and have it safely removed from my house. If this review is not deleted and you're reading it, it means that no one got to it with a hammer to destroy it.
 Great for authoritarian globalists and the regressive left! But don't buy it, share it.
 I burned it for heat in the middle of the summer and the room got colder... worthless
 My daddy said if you can't say something good, don't say anything. I'm speechless.
 If I could give it less I would nothing but more of her lies! TERRIBLE Book!!!!!!
 It's beyond sad when retailers alter the input from its members. It's dangerous to the Republic when they take sides. She is not fit and the book is a feeble attempt to address that problem. Mostly it is about her greed and the willingness of publishers to cater to her. They knew this book was a loser yet still gave her money. Hmmmmmm, I wonder why they would throw money away???? Because they expect something back for their investment.
 I would rather watch paint dry instead of finishing this book... Save your money.
 I was in need of toilet paper so I purchased this book but my backside refused it...sad face! Horrible book.
 Bought it for my mother who reads up to one novel a day.  Hated it!
 Poorly written and nonsensical. Wouldn't recommend it.
 not a good read....at all. did anyone let her know this is awful? don't buy it...not worth the time
 Do NOT waste your money...who wrote this, the dog???
 Absolutely the worst book ive ever read this woman should be in prison!
 More lying from the corrupted politician
 Pure propaganda.  I do have to wonder about those reviews that are 'verified buyers'. The Clinton Foundation has lots of friends and capital to buy the books and write fake reviews.  I seem to remember the Scientologists used to buy bunches of L Ron's book just to keep it up on the Best Seller's list.  Also note that Jeff B's guys now seem to not remove the reviews since everyone is now watching.
 This Book is a wonderful way to start a fire. It burns really good!
 Horrible book. Should be called A Blueprint for a Communist America
 AMAZON!!! COME ON!! What the hell are you doing?!?! I am loosing faith in you! PLEASE DO NOT GET INVOLVED IN POLITICS!!
 Total political rubbish. Don't waste a minute on this nonsense.
 The author was obviously on some sort of hallucinogenic, didn't make sense e at all.
 Worst book ever. Terrible content and ideas. Poorly written.
 i won't buy anything the she does ever again.
 Garbage
 Read all the 5 star reviews! They are hysterically funny!
 I thought this book was going to teach me how to be stronger but the only part I could read (most of it is in Arabic) is really simple directions on how to delete unwanted embarrassing information. Chapter 3 "wiping it with a cloth strategy" Just awful....
 Shameful!
 Don't bother. More lies and hype from HRC.
 No need to write a long review because amazon is going to delete it anyway
 Why would anyone believe what is written in this book?
 I am a 'Deplorable.' I stand by it. What does Crooked Hillary stand for?
 If you are looking for something to quickly put you to sleep, here it is. This book was utterly "AWFUL", she needs to retire, time to enjoy life rather than subject us to this nonsensical dribble... She has been away from the private life way too long and has really lost touch with reality and the average Joe.
 Deplorable!
 Please tell me it ain't so Jeff, or I can never trust another review.
 what is disturbing is the silence from Amazon on the deleted criticisms on this book. This behavior is all over social media. As a long time customer these accusations are not the type I would expect, manipulation for political gain. Why not just outright not publish any feedback?? Disgusting practice if true.
 Put in in your trash basket....Nothing new here same old crap......What is wrong with this woman??????? Plain trash bin stuff......Tim Kaine worthless also nothing but the same Obama crap....God help us if she is elected....
 Hillary made famous the line it takes a village. The RNC gave America the worst candidate in this history of this country. Hillary was undaunted. She said together we can become a worse candidate. Her next book is to be a romance between her and Trump call the Vile and the Villianess.
 Typical BS from a Typical politician
 A bunch of propaganda, don't waste your time.
 ..Read "The Shadow Party" by: David Horowitz and Richard Poe instead review image
 Pathetic.
 I actually tried to read this. Nothing new here except more lies and spin.
 full of lies. propoganda. save your money
 Horrible book . Content is ridiculous .
 Complete trash and liberal BS! Who does she thing she is fooling. Not worth the paper it's written on.
 A book full of lies. Despicable woman.
 This book was great, but I'm was really looking forward to learning how to shoot someone with 2 differing pistol calibers and still make it look like suicide.  Perhaps the next book?
 I ordered this book from the Clinton Foundation for 2.5 million USD. It came with a certificate good for one free ambassadorship and a guaranteed seat on the State Department advisory board. I only give it one star because when I received the book I found all the pages had been deleted.
 I have been a very loyal customer to you amazon and you go and delete reviews just to make the war criminal 'Hillary clinton' to have good reviews give me a break man! COME ON AMAZON! she is a mess and globalization is failing hard! the better you global elites are gone the better ! AGENDA 21
 Every page was a lie. EVERY PAGE.
 This book gave me epilepsy. Stronger Together should be renamed. Deleted Forever.
 Terrible book by a terrible dishonest person. Boring and full of her ridiculous plans. This is why we will build the wall and hopefully deport her when trump takes office
 Watching Paint dry better than this Book!
 Wow,  I was expecting to be a intelligent book , to learn something new...very boring with old style and no flavor at all...I will not recommend if is free....
 another bunch of lies for one of the biggest lairs . Unless you just want to throw money away it is a waste of time and $$$$. I hope she does put me on her hit list.
 Jeff Bezos has no shame. [...]
 Bought this book with an open mind. Now it's made up, horrible book written by a horrible woman. This is a read not worth your time because it's all BS.
 Total trash, biggest bunch of lies. What a waste of time and money.
 This book is as lousy as Amazon's censorship policies.
 Abysmally boring, self-serving, and no matter how many times you pick it up, there's no substance to be found. It's like getting holographic spaghetti to stick to a wall.
 I borrowed this book from a friend. I only read 1/3 of it. I couldn't read further, I can not wast my valuable time in reading such a book.
 Amazon is deleting reviews? WOW
 What a boring book and filled with lies just another way of campaigning it appears waste of time ready while it lays out the plan the supporting elements are lacking.
 Boring and strains credibility. It gives impression that it was hastily and not thoughtfully written. Not consistent with author's other books; wonder who wrote it?
 Typical Clinton / NOTHING
 This book sucks...and I don't mean in a golf ball through a garden hose sort of way.
 Need something to put you to sleep? What to hear a tale of lies by a career politician? You have found your book. Awful.
 Partisan petty and worthless trash written by a habitual liar and deciever. I can't believe I wasted my time reading this liberal written vomit.
 This book would be a good sleeping aid if it did not have Mrs Clintons picture on the cover. Looking at the photo gave me nightmares. I often wake up in a cold sweat hearing a shrill voice and laughter in my head. I wish I could un-sea her face and never have to look at it again but honestly what difference at this point does it make?
 I forgot to read with my rose colored glasses. Couldn't get through it. This holds as much merit as her PUBLIC remarks on her email server.
 I cannot recommend the purchase of this book. It, and its author, are filled with anti-American drivel.
 I could not read this book because it was missing the (C) paragraph ordering symbols.
 It must be those damned Russian hackers that keep erasing my negative reviews of this book. It certainly couldn't be Amazon that erased my and the hundreds of other negative reviews of the worst piece of political pooh-poor I think I've ever tried to read. Or maybe it was aliens or one of those Independent voters? What other possible reason could there be for these mass deletions??? Since anyone who says bad things about the Clintons disappears, if I don't make it through the night, save yourself and the money you would have spent on this pile of papers that really is embarrassing to classify as a book!
 Meh
 Too wonky--not enough heart.
 Total waste of time !!!
 Didn't believe one word of it...should have been in the fiction section (or the 'failed attempt at political humor' section).
 The book was very boring and lacked substance. The views are skewed and twisted. I would take a pass and pick another book.
 Following the same sentiments of her last book, " It Takes a Village", basically Hillary outlined her plan to socialize America. If she had well-thought out responses to the questions plaguing America, it might have made this at least an informative read. However, her knee-jerk reactions to issues such as race relations, and gun violence are all too tired. What we need is someone in office who recognizes that the system is broken, and is not afraid to hold accountable those in charge.
 This book gave me cancer.
 Absolutely horrible read.
 Impressive Topic and the cover picture. And Yes, stronger together. Hillary needs someone to support her to stand up.
 Hoping to use the paper in a paper mache project. It may work, wait anything associated with these two doesn't work
 The book sucked,
 What a waste of money! This is the most ridiculous book I've ever read, and it was read with an open mind.
 hillary is a loser
 I read this book backwards and to say I was surprised is an understatement. It is all of her deleted emails verbatim!!
 Horrible read. I can only assume now that most of the words in the books are lies from crooked Hillary.
 I despise both Clinton & trump. What has happened to this country when these are our main choices for president? Let Gary Johnson debate!
 Gee, my book came with a free get out of jail offer and the chance to vote twice in the 2016 election if I was a registered Democrat! Only in America!
 Self serving trash. Not worth the paper it's printed on. This book requires a willing suspension of disbelief to not burst out laughing.
 Waste of time
 The content of this book is as bogus and nauseating as Hillary Clinton is herself. Don't waste your money folks.
 Amazon, I've been a long time customer of Amazon who has relied on your supposedly unbiased reviews to help me make product choices to included encouraging my friends and family to use Amazon through both your app on my Android and PC. After witnessing your manipulation of product reviews, specifically the book, Stronger Together, I will be taking my business and recommendations else where. You simply can't be trusted as a on-line retailer.
 Bwaaaaaaah! Progressive Marxist garbage. Oh,that's killary. The book? Toilet paper......
 Amazon had some bad press when it came to deleting reviews on 'ol hills book. Took 'em a while to figure out how to protect her in a round-about way by stating: "reviews by verified purchases first". Now I see they're doing the same on chelsea's book; filled with teddy bears and bs and nothing about how parents should protect their children from pervs like her father.  I wish I would have waited to buy this book after she lost the election, it's now cheaper than toilet paper!
 Lol @ Jeff Bezos deleting reviews for this boring, dishonest piece of garbage book
 I have not read this book but I nevertheless agree with all the criticism it has received.
 Awful book.
 What crap.
 This book is perfectly aligned to the veracity and character of its author.
 I bought this so I could use it to wipe after going number 2
 Should be titled "Weaker Together". Where are all of the missing reviews? Like Trump says, the system is rigged.
 Worst bunch of crap I've ever read. Does anyone check facts before publishing lies?
 Very dry read, and poorly thought out. Definite waste of money.
 I found this book on the side of the hwy. I can understand why it was thrown out the window. LOL
 Stay away, worst book I ever saw. Another effort for Hillary to make money
 poor read
 Extremely dissapointed with this book. It's unbelievable how a book contains so many lies!!!
 Despise this book, this woman and everything she is associated with.
 This book didn't alleviate my diarrhea, as promised.
 For $2 million you too can have a meeting with Hilary.
 One of the most propagandist books I've ever read  Revron
 this is most disgusting book i ever read....all lies
 Wouldn't even pick it up, but thought I would write a review on my thoughts of Amazon removing the true reviews of this book. I don't see anywhere else to say what I think. Maybe it is an awesome book, but due the administration she worked in and the job she did as SOS, why would I want to hear anything she says.
 A piece of garbage. Don't waste your time or money.
 Worst read ever. I'd rather be put in a room full of mosquitoes infected with Zika than read this again. Doubt she even wrote it. It now resides in my bathroom in case anyone runs out of toilet paper. Better reads are Clinton Cash, Crisis of Character, Clinton INC. and Hillary's America. Liberal = Corrupt liar. Nothing else. Even Bernie couldn't stand being called a Democrat for 1 day after the convention.
 This book is a horcrux. You feel dread just opening it.
 Well I expected to get ripped off and lied to and i did
 I spend THOUSANDS of dollars with Amazon every year... and I'm rewarded with them being biased enough to delete bad reviews of this book because Amazon is apparently in the pocket for Hillary Clinton.  Don't buy this book... Amazon is not letting us see the negative reviews!  [...]
 Not worth the paper. Communism would be better.
 Slow, boring, and out of touch with the common man.
 Boring!
 Mmmmmeh
 Trying to be open, but this is just silly.
 Seemed contrived. Didn't like it at all.
 Facts must not mean a thing to this lady.
 Horrible book. Horrible person. Horrible campaign.
 It is customary for presidential candidates to have a book ghostwritten for them and released months before the election. After all, the more exposure a candidate gets (and the more shady donations one can launder as a "book deal"), the better, right? Well, not if one has so many itchy things to hide and, by simply ignoring them, said book only drives the desire to scratch them even deeper.  Let me make something very clear at this point: I am no fan of the orange, hair-plugged, narcissistic con-artist that runs against her. Nevertheless, even if one were to use this book as the only source of information, crooked-Hillary is not any better choice either.  INFLATED NON-SPEAK & NEBULOUS PROMISES The book can serve as a case study for political non-speak: how to utter words aiming to stir emotions yet manage to say absolutely nothing in the process. For instance, take the phrase "breaking down the barriers that hold Americans back": who exactly is holding Americans back and how did they manage to get away with it for so long? Is it Islam? The... French? Is the Canadians again, with their polite apologies!? No. It is the stagnated economy (the direct result of Hillary's husband deregulating the Banking sector, giving them a card-blanche to run amok with his 1999 Financial Services Modernization Act) and special interests lobbyists who siphon away jobs to slave-labor countries and then get tax exemptions for "creating jobs" in the trickle-down delusion. Does Hillary address any of these issues in the book? Don't be silly, of course not. She has slogans to repeat.  WHO IS EXACTLY THE "Together" REFERRING TO? She cannot possibly mean Americans: Hillary called more than half of them "idiots" and "irredeemable". She cannot possibly mean women: Hillary has harassed, shamed and gagged all of her husband's rape victims. And if you think that number is small, you are not paying close enough attention. And she cannot possibly mean the world: Hillary views people as inanimate stepping stones for her ambitions and the profits of her handlers. They can be assassinated, bombed, suicided (sic) or droned (now live) while she breaks in her trademark sociopath laughter. So, it must be the Bankers she has been serving all of her life, and now wants to be their willing pre-bought mouthpiece. (Puppet sold as shown. Some assembly required. Batteries in hidden device not included. Warranty does not cover brain damaging "pneumonia").  WHO IS SHE PROMISING TO MAKE "Stronger" EXACTLY? American people have been scared of the word "socialist". Quite understandably, since socialism means higher taxes (in order to support the required social infrastructure and support programs) - and who could possibly trust Washington pork-barrons with even more taxes? Trillions go missing as it is. However, American has been locked into a perpetual war for 60 years now, (WWII, Korea, South-East Asia, Vietnam, Cold War, Middle East) and taxpayers' money get blown away for nothing: the average American has seen no real benefits from all these expansive wars but empty words, flags waved (and folded) and faded bumper stickers Does Hillary promise in the book she put her name on to dismantle the perpetual war machine and instead relocate the country's resources in settling the ongoing class-war the poor are obviously losing? Is she promising to make the average American stronger? No. She is simply foreshadowing her intentions to commit even further, in an all-out war with anyone that would dare doubt she dangles two huge ones. In other words: gather provisions and get your shelters ready, she is itching to nuke Vladimir only to prove she is tough. Now, who exactly is this going to make stronger? The Military-Industrial Complex of course, silly!  DID Amazon SIDE WITH THE CORPORATE MEDIA AGENDA? There are numerous indicators but when even vapid Sarah Palin book outsells you by 300%(!), Hillary's party must know by now how lame their horse is in this race. The sensible thing to do would be to change candidate while there is still plenty of time and go with someone more palatable and less things to hide. I am sure there are plenty of good women and men that could run much more successful against an overinflated orange balloon. What they do instead: they mobilize all their corporate media in order to employ saturation propaganda and skew the electoral result. At this point it is to be expected from Hollywood and corporate media to side with their puppet - but Amazon too?  Shame.
 The only realistic part of this book was the chapter about the unicorn and the rainbow. But then the unicorn swallowed the rainbow and subsequently died. Then the whole bit was somehow edited out of the book. Must be Jeff Bezos' latest trick?  Now its roughly a pound of toxic waste I have to get a permit to dispose of.
 Lies, deception, and deleted reviews!
 This paper has all the qualities one could want... soft, strong, thoroughly absorbent, dissolves easily and doesn't clog the pipes.  However, I am having to knock off four stars because there seem to be some kind of PRINT on it, which gets inkstains in places you would rather not have them.
 As a hard-working taxpayer and small business owner, Hillary and Tim already get too much of my money, so I wouldn't actually purchase this book if it were the last piece of "literature" (ha ha) on earth. However, I am finding the reviews to be hilariously entertaining. Why don't they consider publishing a compilation of these thoughts? That I would pay for.
 This book made my hair fall out ....
 What a waste of my time. PERIOD !!!!
 I bought the book at Barns and Noble because I just happen to be there.I usually buy from Amazon.This happens to be the most boring load of B.S. i have TRYED to read,ever.No wonder her poll numbers are sinking.
 The book changed my vote to Trump.
 The ideas in this book are detrimental for our country. Their plans call for more taxation and regulation particularly for businesses. No new ideas just the same ideas. The government knows what is best for you.
 This is a great book if you have wobbly furniture in your home and need to shore up a leg. Cold? If you burn this book, it can keep you warm. The book has many other ways to be useful around the house. I feel bad for the trees that were sacrificed for this garbage...poor trees.
 Do I have to give it any stars?
 I didn't like the book at all.
 Another person that says, every time I write a review of this book because it it negative it gets deleted! This is not a terrible book because of who wrote it, but because of it's content. Lies, Lies, and more lies.
 The only thing strong about Hillary is the smell emanating from her vajayjay. Bezos is in bed with Hillary. Thats really an image that makes you want to gag. Bald headed wimp with an elephant.
 Corrupt lying Hillary Clinton, protector of rapist and pedophiles. A POLITICAL WHORE, Hillary would sell everything in America to the hightest bidder  A donation to the foundation will buy you all you want!
 This book is not all bad.. I didn't even know what a butt plug was until I read this book. Apparently she has used one for many years and is now using the largest made. What a gal.
 wow amazon, you delete negative reviews. you remind me of nazi germany . very sad. i'm sure you would delete negative reviews of a trump book, just joking, i know you would never do that......
 My original review was deleted... Thank you Amazon, I am so glad to see that Hillary has you in her back pocket as well. Its a terrible book written by a terrible person no need to say more.
 This book is a huge waste of time and money since it was boring and dishonest, but what else can we expect from a liar. Save both your money and your time by buying a different book.
 Lies, lies, and more lies!
 third grade reading level
 Read some of it in a Barnes & Noble, and suddenly realized I was amongst the basket of deplorables. How can we be stronger together if some of us are irredeemably deplorable?
 This book is the worst.
 This does not meet the definition of a book, much less a good book. I strongly believe politicians should stop writing, they're not gifted in that department. Overall impression: 1/3 of a star
 Poorly written. Total BS
 They must have looked long time to find a ghost writer who could such a delusional snoozer. I guess you can spend yourself wealthy and defy gravity.
 What a deplorable and horrid read. Save your money, for if these two get into office, your taxes will be so high, you will need that extra couple dollars.
 This book, like the author, is full of lies and inaccuracies. It is, like the author, very boring and lacks integrity. Does anyone really listen to this career liar?
 It just isn't for me.
 Ghostwritten to pump up the campaign. Much of this book is deception. There is no mention of Hillary's destruction of 33,000 subpoenaed emails or the dozen cell phones, no mention of the Benghazi lies, and certainly nothing about Hillary's attacks of her husband's accusers. It's hard to believe that 40% of polled citizens could be so gullible to believe her deceptions or that they'd be so naive to overlook her illegalities just to have a female president.  Should be entitled MORE DECEPTIVE TOGETHER!
 I was able to make it through the first chapter, but could go no further. This woman does nothing but vomit forth lies. She's a sick joke.
 Bad book, bad woman
 Amazon removing negative reviews. Terrible book from the most corrupt presidential candidate ever.
 Not strong enough to beat Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States of America!
 H O R R I B L E!!!!! Except for the fact that mine came with a ticket to Bill's birthday bash!! Sold it on EBay for $100. Thanks Billary!
 Usual utopian lies
 Refresh your screen (this review page). Somebody at Amazon is attempting to remove reviews as quickly as America is adding them! Simply Amazing!
 There are no words!
 Absolute trash sorry
 Stay true to the values that have always made America great  Women’s rights  Open Internet  LGBT rights  HIV/AIDS  Development  Ending modern-day slavery  This excerpt is from the free Amazon preview...As you might assume, yes, I made it all the way through the table of contents with my stomach still in tact. That is until I saw this gem. I don't remember our Founding Fathers (the ones who actually made America great) arguing over LBGT rights, womens rights, HIV/AIDS blah blah blah in order to make this country great. Yes we all agree that slavery is bad and is not an acceptable practice. We decided that almost 200 years ago (sorry south, Abe was right). Protecting a liberal minority group's rights by limiting the constitutional right's of the conservative majority will not make this country great. Redistribution of wealth (lets call it what it is) will not make America great. Only when we as a country get back to the moral and ethical foundation on which we were established can we become great once again.
 I can see why they're Politicians and not writers. Do they really believe this stuff. Foundation for the failure of a nation.
 What a waste of good paper . Don't waste your time unless you are already a communist.
 She has spent a lifetime causing the problems in America and now says she can fix it. She is the problem!! Lie after lie.
 Could not finish.
 What a bunch of windbag crap. Thank GOD it was a gift. I sense no vision of the future from reading this.
 I don't know why or how anybody could possibly buy this book of lies. Hillary Clinton is a no good liar
 Decades of a political career criminal conveniently combined into a nice roll of toilet paper.
 HRC wrote this drivel? Who in the world would believe that? Contribute to Salvation Army instead of her pocketbook.
 Blueprint to Hillary wiping out the middle class. Boring, age old ideas that only a socialist would want.
 I couldn't put it down - Fast Enough. In truth a friend gave it to me and it is boring political spin.
 Don't waist you money buying the book, you will need it to pay for the higher taxes if she wins the presidency.
 Horrible book......I'll just use the pages as TP I suppose. There is no resale value to it.
 Drivel. Pure drivel from someone who has disgraced this country by her incompetence and scandals and lies.
 These reviews have been more heavily redacted than Clinton's email server
 It is a shame I must give this book even one star. Spend your money on a Dr Seuss book instead.
 My review was deleted as well. I forget exactly what it was, something like how the title should be changed.
 Boring and fake, especially in light of recent disclosures about her activities.
 Tried to read it but had to stop. Hard to read something that is supposed to be non fiction.
 As a Jew, I found Tim Kaine's use of the "Heil Hitler" salute on the cover to be offensive.
 I tried the audiobook version, but all I could hear was a lot of coughing. Very disappointing.
 I keep finding it face down on the floor....why does it keep falling out of the bookcase?
 Horrible book that should be considered nothing but fiction.
 I'd say about half of the book was just filled with deplorable ideas and lies. The other half of the book could not make up for it and as such this is an irredeemable book.
 So did Bezos use BleachBit or a cloth to get rid of Mrs. Cumstain's reviews?
 If I could give a star lower than 1 I would. I thought I would give her a honest chance and read her book, I couldn't make it past the first chapter before I threw it away. It is good for one thing, though lighting my fireplace. I guess that is worth at least 1 star.
 Book is slow and quite boring. I was able to read through it in a few hours and this comes off as a manifesto for Clinton and her shaded view of the world as she sees it and wants to mold it into. If I wanted a bullet paper of her so-called enlightened vision, I would have contacted her campaign folks for a policy bullet paper. Do not waste your time buying it, just listen to her speeches and you get the mantra from her and Tim Kaine (her surrogate).
 Poorly written and the content was rushed through. Not her best, do not recommend.
 I will never rate another product Amazon sells. Like Snopes, tilted analytics.
 Terrible.
 Terrible.
 I wrote a bad review and a black car has been in front of my home ever since.
 I had always trusted Amazon reviews up til now. You've officially made national news on tweaking your reviews to favor Hillary. Sad, so sad.
 Unreadable...unbelievable
 I've heard that if you read it backwards out loud it opens a gateway to hell.
 Thank you for this book. I think what the title refers to is the fact that Tim Kaine is so scary that standing together on the cover with him actually makes Hillary look stronger. It's had the effect of making me hope that Hillary is in better health than she appears to be, so I give it 3 stars for that. I recommend that she publish another book called "How To Turn $1000 Into $100,000 In The Cattle Futures Market" with her and Donald Trump on the cover.
 my god complete garbage couldnt finish it.
 I wanted to like this book and give it a fair chance. As an independent and free-thinker - I had an open mind. But nevertheless, I found this book to be ripe with lies and inaccurate information. To me, it felt like an advertisement for herself. Sorry, but this book is not for me.
 Absolutely a true waste of money, it is a worthless read.
 Somebody mis-categorized this. I believe this would be a top seller under the "Humor and Entertainment" category.
 This book gave me pneumonia and Parkinson's.  One star.
 Pitifully boring
 Hillary is trying to boost sales during the debate. What a joke.
 omg, this is by far the worst book of misdirection, and corruption every written by a political hack. If America elects this individual, america's days are numbered. Bernie Sanders should never have sold out to her. but then i suppose he was paid off one way or the other.. and we all know the alternative to cooperation with a Clinton means for Bernie if he didn't give so-so support for her. buy this book if you want to see how Rome could fall again.
 sad. her and obama mishandled classified information together. thats why he used a fake email account. Proof that she lied under oath. Threatened or Bought out the FBI. Great leadership....not.
 Just like the authors
 political hackery at its usual
 I thought i was buying a how to crooks book.
 Worse book of the year from the biggest Bigot in politics. Anyone but Hillary.
 No real direction for the country.
 I began reading this book with an open mind as I truly wanted to learn more of Hillary's and Tim's policy plans for making their 'Stronger Together' claim. Unfortunately the book lacks any form of details and doesn't get past one liner, lofty statements. This book is weak at best and not worth the money or time spent reading it.
 I was hoping to get an insight into the woman. It was basically a long brochure.I think it could speak to someone who already likes her a lot. But it did not help me - a person looking to try and understand her. It just had none of the warmth I wanted and did not help me to trust her thoughts or actions. Sorry, guys. Tried.
 Books of Clinton lies don't buy save your money
 Did not care for the book, not well written.
 I was hoping for inspirational words despite the fact that I do not respect the author. Instead I found self-serving pablum. Shame on us for allowing her to run for our country's highest office. Shameful!
 Very disappointed. The book was well written however, there was a lot of bluster and not alot of substance. She seems to have several ideas of HOW to take people's money but doesn't get into detail as to how she's going to steal it.
 Terrible!!!
 Boooring
 Neighbor was sent a copy to review. I could not finish it. It was horrible. What a terrible vision she has for everyone but herself. It was deplorable.
 If there was a zero star this book would get it.  On the other hand, I now have 250 pieces of TP to use at a mere $10.  And that's what a Hillary economy would look like.
 If you enjoy being lied to, this is the book for you. If you love America, send your money to Trump instead. #MAGA 🐸
 All lies. Do not buy this book.
 My book came with a coupon for 20% off uranium! Another unexpected surprise was the chapter on hidden earpieces and covert iPads at debates. After reading this, I feel prepared and confident to be the Ambassador to Uzbekistan. Where do I send my check?
 OMG SHE HAD TO BE THE BIGGEST BULLS*** ARTIST THAT EVER LIVED. SAD THING SHE BELIEVES ALL HER HYPE, IF THE IS HER IDEA OF IMPROVING LIVES WE ARE IN DEEP POOPOO. I JUST HAVE TO LAUGH SHE THINKS SHE IS SO MUCH BETTER THAT WE ARE & IS MAKING PEOPLE BELIEVE HER. BET THE REVIEW GET DELETED TOO. PEOPLE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE WAKE UP & SMELL BULLS*** SHE IS A LIAR SHE HAS ALWAYS BEEN A LIAR & SHE WILL CONTINUE TO LIE SHE IS INCAPABLE OF TELL THE TRUTH
 TRUMP
 Poorly written. Bullet point politics.
 Typical communist style propaganda brochure. Waste of paper (trees); waste of electricity, batteries, screen burn and electrons if you got a Kindle version. Khrushchev and Brezhnev were better "writers" then that ...
 Found the content to be beyond absurd. Would have started this fictional farce with Chapter 1: Monica Blew Clinski and Bill's new fixation with the oral office.
 Wake up people! This woman is a psychobitch only interested in her personal glory and riches (such as from foolish book advances), and vindictive power.
 Book makes for some good page kindling but doesn't burn slow enough. Amazon needs to speed up the deliveries otherwise I'll be going cold in my house!
 The content was meh, but the two start rating is due to the book giving me Parkinson disease. I have to assume Hillary Clinton handled the book I was delivered, and spread the disease to me. Ugh
 Don't waste your money
 A total waste of a tree. Nothing here but more lies and deceit by the Queen of Corruption.
 Horrible book! It was both boring and dishonest! This book should be deleted just like she deleted all those emails!
 Amazon bias alert! Crap book crap candidate crap amazon for deleting bad reviews. Let's see if this is deleted....
 I would have given this book a higher rating, but the foreword really chafed my behind. Would not recommend after an evening of spicy Indian curry...
 The biography of two corupt politicians, that are ready to lie, to the face of minorities, such blacks, Jews, and muslims, just to get elected.
 Pretty sure this book's pages were made out of the recycled paper from the shredded email. Bad read
 Hillary can write a book, but can somehow "lose" over 33,000 emails? Stronger together my butt. That's code for "I want your vote so I can put the Oval Office up for sale.
 Absolutely horrible read. After reading the first few pages I knew I was going into a quagmire of pedantic drivel. Caution: This book can induce DSM mental health disorders.
 I read the 1st 20 pages and just started howling in laughter. Who reads this crappola or believes it...hahahahaha. going to go puke now.
 Worst read ever.
 The Clinton Mafia will remove negative reviews, as they have done with mine already. This book is a "deplorable" piece of blather, written by a criminal.
 Below average.
 One of the worst books I have ever read. So many outright lies it isn't funny.
 Posts keep getting deleted...are they stored on Hillary's private server?
 Want my money back - Don't think this was meant to be fiction but that's how it comes across. Dreadful boring deceitful book.
 This Book Is Horrible. I Cant Imagine Anybody Liking This PIECE OF TRASH Unless You Work For Hillary. IT LITERALLY SUCKS.
 Unreadable.
 The free sample at "Look Inside" wasn't worth the money I paid for it. What inane drivel. I love the reviews, though.
 This book is a farce.
 Boring and full of lies. If you like dishonesty you will love it. If you like the truth you wont!
 wasting of time
 I bought it and all of the text was missing.
 Bill pulled the USA down with Agenda 21, and in this book you will read how Hillary plans to finish us off with Agenda 2030.
 I wish I could give it zero stars.
 First thing Trump should do is go after jeff bozos for being a Clinton troll His company should be deleted
 Tried so suspend "prejudices" but the propaganda and poor writing condemned the book on it's own. So, how many bad reviews will it take before Amazon stops taking them down?
 Hillary Clinton's views are warped and dangerous.
 Boring...
 Not a very good read. It's a little scattered and doesn't seem to provide references for items cited.
 Reviews are so bad, decided to pass on it :). Shame on you Amazon!
 What do you expect when two people with no talent combine to write a book? The answer is untalented squared. There is nothing new on the left - simply promises to punish the productive on behalf of the unproductive. God help my grandchildren. Or do I have to apologize - or do a trigger warning - for making reference to God?
 All I can say is don't buy it... Pathetic..
 Terrible
 I seriously cannot believe I voted fro HRC in 2008?!?!? This book is about 85% of how Russia works today and of course in its past; top 10% elitists control all (government and choose celebs and mafia), the rest are told what they will do in life, money taken away from them and redistributed to those who do not want to or do not know how to work. I am seriously sick.
 This book is nothing more than propaganda.
 Aweful! A waste of time! Proven to be a disastrous leadership!
 I wonder if amazon realizes how much they may have hurt themselves by removing those reviews.
 The people at Simon & Schuster are very smart and yet they paid 14 million in an advance for this book. Of course their losing their shirts on this but they had to know that they would. This begs the question, what did they get out of the deal?
 Worst book ever- I can tell it wasn't written by the candidates but instead by ghostwriters.
 I have books on Amazon, and I've had one star reviews from people whom I know did not read my book, but rated on the morality of the subject matter...some even admitted it. I wrote Amazon and asked them to remove the review based on that fact. They wouldn't do it for me, but they did it for her. Sad to see this.
 She's a loser and the book is a loser!
 No facts and no historical value. Looks like more a brochure drafted in hurry to circulate before election. It could be provided for free as a propaganda tool. Anyway that's politics. No reason to waste your bucks for it. I would give 2 stars if it would be provided for free.
 Hated it. This book just totally sucks. I would never recommend it. Waste of money.
 There is nothing redeeming in this book whatsoever and I should have known that but out of curiosity decided to wast the money and a few hours of reading to confirm it for myself. I am baffled at the pure ignorance of our electorate that thinks that just because someone promises lots of benefits with no means of paying for it other than punishing those who have worked hard to become successful or meaningless "Feel Good" positions even though they completely contradict prior positions by Hillary in the past just for the sake of luring voters. As if all of that was not bad enough... The corruptness of this campaign just continues blatantly all around us. These Dems just cannot win without cheating. In case you have noticed, Amazon has actively cooperated with this Dem Conspiracy to win an election at all costs by violating the integrity of the reviews here on their site. Negative reviews keep miraculously disappearing in large numbers. I am disgusted at the fact that the company I trust with Thousands of dollars in annual purchases could be so easily duped into violating that trust over an obvious political bias. It raises into question the overall integrity of the entire review process at Amazon that so many of us loyal customers have come to trust and depend on to make our buying decisions. I have been a ridiculously loyal amazon customer for many years now and make most of my purchases here out or both trust and convenience. At this point I am so frustrated, I will be looking hard at other providers who haven't proven to me their lack of integrity. Political Bias has no place anywhere, especially with an online retailer. I did not take the Walmart/Jet merger very seriously before, but now I think Amazon may be giving them their best opportunity to take market share away. Plenty of people are fed up with this mess.
 Smartest Woman to ever be a Woman?
 "We get the best government money can buy ", well this book should be proof that everyone in America needs a refund. Trust me this book is pure nonsense and drivel . review image
 I saw one for a quarter at an illegal immigrant garage sale.... I'll wait till it gets marked down!😏
 This is a poorly written book. The positions taken are poorly articulated and the arguments in support of the positions are not well supported. I do tend to swing a little to the left especially on social issues, but this book has me questioning Mrs. Clinton's grasp of basic political issues.
 Got this from a friend who is a Hillary supporter. Said I would give it a chance. Let's just say that there is nothing in this book that makes me change my mind about her, her lack of character/honesty or how she would run our country. I would not recommend.
 Worst book in memory.
 Don't waste your time. Facts presented in the book have no basis in reality. Statistics are interpreted in the most bizarre manner. Fixes proposed simply add up to higher taxes and more give-away programs.
 Boring. This book is a godsend to insomniacs.
 Less than one star. Just awful.
 Stronger Together? This from the woman who has collected ridiculous amounts of money to speak for banks yet wont release those speeches. The only thing this will do is strengthen her bottom line.
 Narcissistic drivel and basically a fairy story.
 I grew up in a Democratic household. I hold Social Democratic views. I do not believe that the Democratic party is the party for the middle class. They have lied to us for decades. Just look at the toll that has been paid by poorly educated Democratic cities around the country. I thought the book was bland, manipulative and lacking in any substantive content, just like their speeches.  Where have all the good Democrats gone?
 Boring, and full of lies. Just like Hillary Clinton in real life. This book should be burned.
 Only from the mind of a career criminal like Hillary can such a blatant load of crap an lies be produced. I am glad a friend gave me this book - spending money on it would have been a shame.
 Just one word.....Bulls***!
 This book would be expensive if they paid me 10 bucks to take it.
 in my opinion: self serving, and not a good read at all. I thought the book would have some substance however was I wrong.
 Poorly written. No basis in reality. Masterwork of dissembly and false promises. All truth and contradictory evidence was scrubbed from my copy. Just like the primary it is rigged and hacked to turn out the way she wants.
 My reviews keep getting deleted... Bleachbit strikes again!
 What a load of lies and just plain B.S.!!!!!!! You have to have brain damage to believe this self-serving crap.
 Boycotting amazon from now on for changing the ratings in the reviews to help Hillary Clinton. Shame on you!
 I recently purchased this book because I adopted a new puppy. The pages are perfect to absorb all the crap and piss during his potty training mishaps. Thanks Hillary and Tim.
 This is the worse book ever written and so full of crap like Clinton and Kaine. Use only in case of emergency like wiping your rear after needing to flush the libtard crap!!
 Boring and dishonest
 Another marxist screed by Billary
 She'll buy them all back herself with her millions to create an artificial demand and good sales numbers. Sick. Cheat. Liar. This was the worst book I have ever read!
 Waste of money! Not even worth a penny! Keep your change for something useful! It's all lies, not surprising since it's coming from Hillary and the corrupt party.
 Poorly written and the ideas are not thoughtful. The writing represents archaic ideas that will cost everyone else and there are no ideas new or that will help.
 1 Star says it all.
 Horrible. Don't buy this book.
 Save your money!!!!
 like her this book is a lot of smoke blowing. Only the ones that are hoping to find the pot at the end of the rainbow believes all her smoke blowing
 Looking forward to the sequel to this book, you know, the one she writes from prison.
 If Amazon had to fix reviews on this item how can all their other reviews be trusted?
 Lol what a joke this book was as boring and useless as hillary would be as our president just a bunch of lies in the book as well. TRUMP 2016!
 Not a very impressive book.
 This book is nonsense. It's one edtiorialized lie after another. She blames everyone and never accepts blame for any of her actions.
 This book is so biased!!!
 <review deleted>
 What a bunch of Garbage! Do not waste your time or money. After reading this, I have finalized my Voting decision.
 Had to give Hillary Rotton Clinton 1 star because 0 was not available , I tryed twice to read the book but 1st time I had let my dog out to drop a steamer and that was more interesting. 2nd time most of the pages were missing because I accidentally left it in the outhouse.
 Starts and ends in lies and promises
 The book was poorly written, boring and fails to instill confidence in Hillary's policies or leadership.
 Total waste.
 A blueprint for digging a deeper hole for America. Ridiculous. And no wonder she does not give more speeches with her ideas.
 just plain terrible
 Pay money to find out what the current Democratic candidate's policy positions are. Right.
 Time Kaine as an Author
 This is truly frightening propaganda. Everything revolves around punishing the most successful of us while trying to sound positive. All of her ideas have been tried and failed throughout history.
 LIES, LIES, LIES, LIES, LIES, LIES, LIES, LIES!
 but force all to comply with their un American agenda.  I looked through this book and came away with thought that these two clowns would cause even more damage than the prior two, Obozo and Biden.  A comparison between Biden and Kaine shows that the number 2 spot is reserved for those dimwits who think the war on drugs is Constitutional.  First we have Joe Biden, who coined the term 'drug czar,' after watching Reefer Madness and decided that something must be done to warn the nations youth about the dangerous reefer plant. Then we have Tim Kaine, who recently remarked "I wouldn't vote for a law at the federal or state level that would decriminalize marijuana."  Hillary Clinton, of course, has always been a prohibitionist since that's in the democrat party DNA - the you are not born with rights but rights are granted to you by government.  Speaking of Hillary, did you know she's been for every war since she nagged Bill to bomb Serbia? She even thought Saddam had a nuculur bomb. WASHINGTON (DUH) -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton said she is not sorry she voted for a resolution authorizing President Bush to take military action in Iraq despite the recent problems there but she does regret "the way the president used the authority."  Think of all the very worst things that federal government has done during the past few decades and these two clowns would have been in favor of them: Obamacare, the un Constitutional and racist war on drugs, gun control, socialist bailout of Wall Street, Patriot Act, bailout of Detroit, and every war against nations that were never a threat to the USA: Iraq, Syria, Serbia, Yemen, Afghanistan.  If these two get elected I fear for America.  I  But what's really
 Book was full of lies and corruption. But made good case for Hillary to be in prison. Shed light on how she sold America out for her own profit.
 What an exceptional tome of modern literature. Certainly one of the all-time greats. I imagine that this will voluntarily become mandatory reading in all future social studies classes. It can sit high on the bookshelf, right next to the other well-known statist classics, such as: "Our Dear Leader", "Divide and Conquer", and, "Cheating is for Winners". And silly me, how could I forget the acclaimed, "101 Re-Education Camp Work Songs".
 An absolutely terrible book from the epitome of corruption and government collusion.
 She is a CORRUPT CRIMINAL !!
 Why would you put customer faith on the line for this piece of filth. Guess we know where your loyalties are Amazon. Shame, Shame...
 So bad that you wonder if the ghostwriters will be given immunity.
 Worst book I've ever read. Nothing but lies and miss remembering
 Was a very boring book. Made it to about page 50 and gave up.
 Amateurish. Like it was written by a twelve yr old. Awful. Waste of money.
 Bias Alert Amazon!, no removing people's opinions!
 Why bother, Amazon will just delete a bad review.
 Worst book ever written by the worst people ever.
 Book full of tailored drama and lies. #NeverHillary #NeverTrump #GreenParty is our only hope.
 This book is as useless as tits on a boar hog
 Complete waste of time.
 Not an intelligent analysis of the problems facing our nation.
 she needs a better ghost writer. boring!!!
 Stinks!
 I think if Amazon keeps deleting and pushing an agenda to be biased, then I think we should stop using Amazon. On another note, this book stinks and is too far leftist.
 Follows the Sol Alinsky playbook. Take credit for things not yours, respond to those who disagree with "bigot, racist, conspiracy theorist". After reading this book, it obvious Hillary did not have ONE thing of impact that she truly accomplished in her time as Senator and/or SECSTATE. Is that a resume for a successful book or successful Presidency? Only you can decide
 Awful book by a horrible human being.
 What a joke, Will people believe this crap
 Horrible Liar and book is terrible
 What I find disturbingly interesting is MOST of the 1 star reviews are not verified purchases, yet almost all the 5 stars are? I myself will never waste my money on that "nasty woman" because I'm a PHD "deplorable", but it was just something I observed.
 Although it was expensive (around 1.5 million) it came with a permanent seat with her foundatuon, and a job as an ambassador to another country! I've been told to avoid the gym though?
 I downloaded this book buy searching for it by title and adding pdf. I had a feeling it wasnt worth the money and I was right. This is all fluff with no actual policy plans. Don't bother
 Leave it to a big company such as Amazon to skew the numbers in the favor of a piece of garbage like Hillary Clinton
 Had a chance to look at this in the bookstore and it's the most boring insipid drivel I've ever seen.
 terrible policy from a crooked liar, i borrowed the book, none of it makes sense ...save your money
 They deleted my last review because Jeff Bezos is a Hillary supporter and probably foundy review offensive. This book was compiled by ghostwriters to make Robot Clinton look good. It failed at that and just made me even surer that she and her evil vp pick are the biggest crooks this country has ever seen. And this is coming from someone who voted for Bernie Sanders in the primary. She screwed him and stole the nomination.
 Why is Hillary of to the side of the cover? Could it be sexism? Please vote Trump in November.
 I wish there is a negative star for amazon review system. The book consists of lies, conspiracy theory. Cannot imagine what will happen if the authors are managing this country.
 Da book did not hld my attebtion bad auther
 Boring and not accurate information. They should of fact checked her information. Is this the way she is planning on running the country maybe we should vote for another candidate.
 Unfortunately, I'm with Her, simply because there are no other options. So it's not that I hate her. It's just an incredibly boring, repetitive, very slow read. I was expecting far better. Read her last book from like 5 or 10 years ago instead. It's a lot better. This one didn't feel authentic Hillary.
 it's a book on how she plan to destroy our country. Save your money and time.
 Tired of the lies
 It is all very true. Hillary and Tim ARE stronger together.
 I bought the audio version of the book and played while driving to Las Vegas. I left So Cal with $500 and returned with $0. I blame the book.
 More of the same self serving lies from a pathological liar.
 Read the first few chapters, what a bunch of crap.
 Crooked hillary, why would anybody waste their money on her? Go ahead amazon, keep deleting the reviews.
 I just don't like Hillary Clinton.Who would be idiot enough to buy this?
 Stronger Together by Hillary Rodham Clinton and Tim Kaine “Stronger Together” is an average collection of talking points that outlines Clinton and Kaine’s campaign plans. Former Secretary of State, Senator, First Lady and attorney Hillary Clinton and former mayor, governor and senator Time Kaine provide the public with an easy to access book on their agenda for the country. This straightforward 288-page book is broken out into four sections: 1. Growing Together, 2. Safer Together, 3. Standing Together, and Working Together.  Positives: 1. Accessible prose for the masses. 2. An important topic, the Democratic Party’s plan for America. 3. Each section is summarized with a “together, we will:”. 4. Brief bios for Clinton and Kaine. “To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.” 5. A look at income inequality. “Income and wealth inequality in America today has reached levels not seen since the 1920s. Corporate executives are making millions while working families are barely scraping by. The very richest Americans—the top one-tenth of 1 percent—now have nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.” 6. Find out what their number one priority is. 7. The importance of infrastructure investment. 8. Accepting the reality of climate change. “To avoid the worst effects of climate change and avoid leaving our children to inherit a planet that is damaged beyond repair, we need to accelerate the transition to a clean energy economy and sharply reduce the greenhouse gas pollution that causes global warming.” 9. An important section on how to improve communities left behind. 10. Making college-debt free, an interesting idea. 11. Profit-sharing. “Profit sharing is a win-win.” 12. The reckless behavior on Wall Street that led to the 2008 market crash. “They have tried to hamstring the government’s authority to regulate some of our riskiest financial institutions, and are committed to defunding and defanging the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency dedicated solely to protecting Americans from unfair and deceptive financial practices.” 13. A look at health care. “Insurance companies can no longer discriminate against people with preexisting conditions or charge women higher rates just because of their gender.” 14. Strategy to defeat global terrorism. “Our strategy should have three main elements. One: defeat ISIS in Syria, Iraq, and across the Middle East. Two: disrupt and dismantle the global terrorist infrastructure that facilitates the flow of fighters, financing, arms, and propaganda around the world. Three: harden our defenses and those of our allies against external and homegrown threats.” 15. The need to fix our broken immigration system. 16. A look at our broken criminal system. “Ending the systemic racism that plagues our country—and rebuilding our communities so the police and local communities all see themselves as being on the same side—will require contributions from all of us.” 17. Gun violence always a hot topic. “People on the terror watch list have tried to buy guns more than 2,400 times since 2005—and 90 percent of those purchases were successful. This is because the federal government currently does not prohibit suspected terrorists from buying firearms.” 18. The for equal rights for our LGBT community. “LGBT rights are human rights, and human rights are LGBT rights.” 19. The Supreme Court and the need to overturn Citizens United. 20. Final summaries by Clinton and Kaine.  Negatives: 1. Very poor format. It’s more a talking points style and quite frankly it didn’t work well. 2. Repetitive. 3. Lacks depth. 4. I didn’t like how the book was written, it lacked engagement. 5. On one side, you have a promise to make college debt-free for every American but then it applies to those families with family incomes below $125,000. The buying power of money varies greatly from state to state and within the state. 6. A lot of missed opportunities to make clear the differences between parties. A table showcasing the differences between political parties on key issues would have been welcomed.  In summary, I was a little disappointed in this book. Full disclosure, I’m a progressive-minded citizen and will vote for Hillary Clinton. The book however, was written in a talking-points, repetitive style and missed opportunities to make clear the differences between the political parties. However, the book does cover the main issues albeit in a quick rather general way. Read if you want to have a quick reference on where Clinton/Kaine stand on the main issues. Average book. Further suggestions: “Hard Choices” by Hillary Clinton, “We’re Still Right, They’re Still Wrong: The Democrats’ Case for 2016 by James Carville, “The Divide” by Matt Taibbi, “A Call to Action” by Jimmy Carter, “Why the Right Went Wrong” by E.J. Dionne, “A Fighting Chance” by Elizabeth Warren, and “American Amnesia” by Jacob S. Hacker.
 Terrible. Wouldn't even use it for toilet paper.
 This is a bad read.
 Stronger Together: A Blueprint for America's...
 Just full of crap
 Not worth the paper its printed on!!!!! Another look ant me I'm so great vote for me so I can continue Obama's mess. Junk
 👎🏽
 Joke.
 Can I give it less than one star?
 Despicable!!
 Absolutely worthless piece of text. No real information, no real ideas, nothing but propaganda. I really hate it.
 Just awful.
 Kaine is pro Islam/anti Israel who had the utter gall to boycott Netanyahu's speech last year before Congress re: the disastrous Iran deal...he's a left wing deplorable bigot just like his running mate...both without shame.
 Terrible book. She forgot to mention about all her lies and $$$$ deals for the Clinton Foundation
 Buy Scorched Earth from Michael Savage instead, it offers real solutions
 Liar. don't buy the book
 Life is to precious to waste reading this, hope you don't make same mistake I did.
 Not worth your time or money; ugh I should've known before I wasted my time.
 Easily the worst book ever. Very good for kindling, but not much else. The only purchases of this book were made by the Clinton Foundation.
 Complete waste of money. Not only is it poorly written, its boring.
 This book is the worst and so is she Don't waste your money
 I'ts not even thick enough to level out my uneven kitchen table.
 Awful, just awful.
 Hey, now that Hillary has lost the election you can probably buy these books cheaper than firewood and use them to heat your house. So it gets three stars for that...
 Cant believe anything she says
 Her policies should be outlined sufficiently on her website in order for this book to be unecessary. I just Hope a ton of coffee cups can be made from the recycled pulp!
 If Amazon wants to get into the political world i can sure take my business elsewhere. To try to silence the consumers with removing any reviews is a violation of the first amendment!
 pure propaganda
 Snore fest.
 I read this book hoping to pick up some tips on how to manipulate national media into covering my musical endeavors with constant and consistently positive coverage. All I wanted was for CNN, MSNBC or even FOX to present my music in a way so as to make the public feel like they have no choice but to either buy my album or a 4 year supply of Trump Steaks, with no middle ground or alternative options. Sadly, I discovered the media reserves such nationally manipulative coverage for high-ranking members of the illuminati, which is now my new goal. The book did teach me how to solicit large donations from foreign entities in exchange for government influence and favors, and I thoroughly enjoyed the section detailing how to hide dark money and avoid paying taxes by utilizing a "non-profit" organization. I found the step-by-step instructions on how to secretly set up a non-secure private e-mail server for my band page unbelievably helpful. Strangely I found pages 61-89 to be entirely missing and I couldn't help but notice the persistent lingering smell of bleach radiating from the part of the book where I expected to find the transcripts from her $225,000 Wall Street speeches. NOTE: I did not buy my copy from Amazon but I can only assume it was printed by some third party with federal immunity after congress officially subpoenaed the book as evidence for review in an ongoing criminal investigation. In conclusion, I would recommend this book to a friend. . It basically pays for itself when you account for all the tax exempt dark money and lobbyist donations you'll be receiving. I would have given it 5 stars if only my band was allowed to participate in the official presidential debates. Legal disclaimer: if you don't buy this book, you are legally obligated to buy Trumps biography.  If you are an open racist with sexiest tendencies and a "YUGE" multi-million dollar inheritance, Trumps biography might be for you. In it, his team of expert authors detail how to incite violence, publicly write off failed business as "winning" and dominate political debates by answering all relevant questions by mercilessly attacking the physical appearance of opponents and moderators. If you've always wondered how to casually pander to your sexist/racist base without establishing any concrete policy proposals, Trumps biography might be for you.  Do you have reoccurring wet dreams of a completely laissez faire free market capitalism void of "business killing" environmental, social and safety regulations? If you spend your free time denying climate change, you should check out the literary work of Gary Johnson. As his policies would make government less influential and overall smaller, his works may also appeal to anarchist as a step toward no government at all.  Alternatively if you object to blindly bombing children and women for the profit of the military industrial complex, you likely have a lot in common with Jill Stein. If you are tired of over 50% of your taxes going to undisclosed military operations while the media continues fear mongering to justify this cost of “defense”, I’d recommend the publications of Jill Stein. She exposes the moral bankruptcy of our current corporate government, and details policies to remedy the situation, such as not being dangerously greedy, not intentionally destroying the planet, feeding people instead of killing them, providing medical care to even the poorest people on the planet so as they may continue living even after falling ill. Her books are also perfect for people who want to buy a book written by a woman but also don’t want that book to symbolically make women everywhere seam like evil lying robot puppets. But if you support the private prison industry and the resulting slave wage labor of American prisoners, you’ll want to steer clear of Jill Stein. Disclaimer: by reading any part of of her written work you will instantly, publicly, and permanently be labeled a conspiracy theorist and added to a number of federal watch list. If you actually purchase any of her publications you will be socially shunned and vocally blamed for single handedly handing the election to Trump or Hillary, whichever is worse.
 Don't recommend the read at all. Too polished, too general, provide no reasoning and sounds more like a campaign theme than understanding the people. Very disappointed. Lack of any real content.
 She is scary.
 I tried to read it and that did not go so well.
 Re-branded communism is still communism...it crushes the poor and further props up elites. This book is nothing more than that...
 I think I read the book but I don't remember. I maybe bleach bitted it.
 The author doesn't seem genuine. It sounds like failed politics. Maybe in Venezuela some years ago it would have been a popular book, but they have seen the deplorable results of such socialism!
 Pure utter garbage from a lying crooked iLLary.
 I had written a mild but not flattering review and looks like i was dropped! why the contempt towards somebody that actually takes their precious time to read this and comments on the utterly low quality of this fictitious and utterly vapid piece of work! shouldn't i expect better in this day and age?
 I would not buy this book. Cause Hillary is a crook.  Read this book? Absolutely no way! She needs to go to jail for the rest of her days.
 Liar lies and more lies Didn't learn how to steal or kill from our country Waste of money
 Nowhere in the book could I find if this book contains her public or private policy positions, as she describes in her email: “But If Everybody's Watching, You Know, All Of The Back Room Discussions And The Deals, You Know, Then People Get A Little Nervous, To Say The Least. So, You Need Both A Public And A Private Position.”
 This is some HIGH QUALITY toilet paper
 Tried to read this but it was so full of Hillary's coughed up hairballs from Huma
 My friend bought it and I tried to read it...It was HORRID !!
 Ok, I have to admit that I don't own this book. I'm just curious whether I have to pay to review...
 I keep trying to write a review but it's deleted soon after.. much like Clinton's emails.
 Don't waste your $ or your vote on these charlatans!
 Almost as bad as Art of the Deal
 This book is an interesting read. In my opinion, it's even better than the movie version ("Hillary's America"). For those of us that love reading, the book is almost always better than the book but, usually, the book comes out first. .
 The stupidest book ever written. Not one single idea about making any changes that would improve the lives of Americans.
 Really not a well written book .... I guess I just can't get past the inaccuracies of this person !!!
 I found the book to be pretty boring with very little substance.
 actually they are waving goodby to all those suckers that got suckered. thanks for the contribution. truly a disaster for the American people
 Lies
 I bet all these bad reviews come from Faux News followers. To be honest tho it was a boring read.
 The horror. The horror.
 This is, for the most part, what I want to see from the candidates. They state the issue, list the proposed solutions, then go through each solution one at a time in greater detail.  That said, first, I would have liked to see more detail. Yes, they cite substantial references, but I would like to see more specifics. Dropping this program will save money. How much? Over what time period? Adding this program will aid new graduates in starting a small business. How much will it cost? Will that cost continue after three years, or will the "catch up effect" negate it? I'm dinging it one star for being less complete than I would have liked.  I'm also dinging it a star for being repetitive. Certain stock phrases are repeated over and over. For this, the book could have used a better editor.  Overall, a fairly reasonable overview of the policies and reasoning of these candidates.
 Put in your basket
 Terrible. #MAGA
 Can you say "Animal Farm" or "1984"? Everyone grab hands and let's sing "The Internationale" - [...]
 Boring and stupid. Don't waste your money on this liberal claptrap.
 Waste of time, Mad magazine in the 60''s was more entertaining :P
 Shame on you!!!!!!
 Boring and absurd
 She also has three sixes on her scalp.
 I am a registered Republican. I have an open mind. I like to hear what the candidates will do for the American public if they are elected. This book, and the book written by Donald Trump, has helped me immensely. I am also going to use the internet to learn what Mr. Johnson and Miss Stein will do for the American public if they are elected.  The reason I gave this book only three stars is because there is a lot of repetition in it. This book provides more information than all of the televised debates combined.
 It is good I could return the kindle book for my $4.99. Great service.
 Sweet adorable couple. I think they will get married someday and have lots of babies..
