 I was going to give this book an unfavorable review but I fear for my life.
 The five stars are for the review written here by Daniel B., NOT THE BOOK! I had to re-post as i,t NOT THE BOOK, is well worth the read.  “I was going to read this book … I really was. But just as I got started, I found myself under sniper fire, passed out, and fell and hit my head. After that I got double vision and had to wear glasses that were so damn thick I couldn’t even see to read. As if that wasn’t enough, I then had an allergic reaction to something and started coughing so hard I spit out what looked like a couple of lizard’s eyeballs, my limbs locked up, and I passed out and fell down again, waking up only to find out I had been diagnosed with pneumonia 2 days earlier. Somehow I managed to power through it all, but it’s a good thing I was able to make a small fortune on this random small trade in the commodities market (cattle futures or some such thing) and then, miracle of all miracles, a few banks offered me a few million to just talk to their employees for a few minutes – and all that really helped out because I swear I was dead broke and couldn’t figure out how I was gonna come up with the 6 bucks to pay for this book, let alone pay the $1,500 for my health insurance this month. I still want to read it, but, honestly, what difference at this point does it make? I hear it sucks anyway.”
 Truly the Mein Kamf for a new generation. I have never in my life been more inspired than I was after reading this magnificent account of Hillary's struggles, particularly in regards the truth and her inability to avoid pandering. The mellifluous prose she employs makes it obvious that it took a village to raise this idiot and that one can overcome every hurdle in life, up to and including your husband using an intern as a cigar humidor.  I have a new found appreciation for the women who was heaved unceremoniously like a sack of potatoes into the back of her van and who then remerged hours later, her Cyberdyne Systems microprocessor fully rebooted, to continue her run for our nation's highest office: Commander and Thief.
 I didn't buy this book or read this book, but I have read the reviews, and enjoyed hours of entertaining, fun filled reading, expressing the TRUTH, about a crooked, lying, corrupt, terminally ill Presidential candidate, who stole the nomination from Bernie Sanders, and who is about to steal the Presidency with the use of election fraud. 10 Stars to the authors of these reviews. Proof that not only are Amazon.com shoppers of superior intelligence, but they call it like they see it. More reviews please!  Amazon shows this as a verified purchase, when I didn't buy the book.....how fun!
 I liked the way someone at Amazon manipulated the numbers on theses reviews proving once again that hitlery Clinton is the most corrupt person to ever run for president just like she was the most corrupt Secretary of State ever. She needs somebody to alter results of reviews and polls because she is so dishonest that she has to hide how dishonest she is by being dishonest
 The virtue of this book is that it has revealed Amazon's scandalous practice of manipulating reviews for political objectives. I actually do find this hard to believe, and even harder to accept. Maybe I'm just a gullible fool, but I always looked to Amazon customer reviews for useful information. No more.
 Looked through the book preview...boring and full of BS. That said, however, the reviews are the best entertainment I've had in days! Amazon customers are the best. Sorry Amazon management sees fit to delete some of their customers' best work!
 My only disappointment with this book is that it ended before Batman showed up to haul her to jail.
 Not the book, I love it that at least THIS entity couldn't hide its deceptive behavior.  And Amazon, no matter how inconvenient it will be (we were spending hundreds a month), my husband and I are going to do as much business as possible elsewhere if you don't rectify this type of crony capitalist behavior.
 Stronger smelling together? Stronger as in more repulsive? Stronger at hating their true enemy, the Republicans? Stronger at dividing the country against each other in order to cynically capture the votes of those they've convinced need protection against the evil white man. I think the answer has to be, all of the above. review image
 The book is a great read. It gives me hope after seeing The Clintons leave the White House flat broke, and now they are multi-millionaires. Inspiring to see the multi pronged approach to gathering donations. Most charitable foundations do a poor job of getting the money to the people in need. It's so nice to see how the Clinton foundation was able to squeeze out almost 6% of every million dollars to help those in need. They really cut back on internal salaries for staff, travel and entertainment to surpass almost all other foundations.  The book is almost too good to be true! It's hard to believe we are in the state we are today after all the success Hillary has had since she entered politics review image
 Excellent Read! Especially the part of Vince Foster committing suicide by shooting himself 3 times in the neck and dragging his own dead body into a park. That was probably my favorite chapter. My second favorite, a VERY close second, was the part about Mrs. Clinton at the 9/11 memorial. Everyone though she fainted but she was really just doing a Freddy Gray impersonation to show support. Good for her.  I recommend "Stronger Together - Because Everyone Knows I Can't Stand On My Own" to everyone. It's a wonderful read.
 The authors should apologize to the trees they killed to print this garbage. Oh the wasted wood that could have served better as toilet paper. So sad.  PS - Tim Kaine, the Nazi salute stopped being cool at the end of WW2, and it was only hip in Germany. Get it together dude.
 The reviews are much more interesting and hilarious than the book. The book is pablum bottled as campaign literature, but comes across SOOO BORRRRRRINGLY! Well, let's see if this review is deleted as fast as Hillary's e-mails were.
 Was given a copy from a friend. After 3 or 4 pages I fell asleep and apparently dropped the book on the floor. Some time later I was awakened by a scratching noise, looked around and discovered that my cat was trying to cover it up. Really didn't want to continue reading it at that point. Friend didn't want it back either.  The 5 stars are for the other reviews, no zero or minus for the book itself.  And all the review deletions, well congrats Jeff / Amazon, in one fell swoop you have destroyed the integrity of Amazon reviews. What else are they / have they been "adjusting"? If they hadn't been so obvious with this one they could have gotten away with it forever. This kind of thing is why so many dims I know are going for Trump.  Yeah, lost faith in Amazon, not sure I will continue. Of course if killary gets in, I probably won't be able to afford it anyway.  Hope I live through this review.
 I give it 5 stars because Hillary is one of the best LIARS on earth. You can be assured that every sentence you read is a lie! And who the hell is Kaine?? Did I buy this extremely over priced garbage....No! I have known about the Clintons since their days in Arkansas and when Bill disgraced the office of the President. Cant believe Amazon would support this pair.
 Just reading a couple pages cured my constipation.
 Brilliant semantics cover to cover. For instance, instead of calling the taxation and onerous regulation of the job producers what it really is, she calls it "investing." I'm not quite sure if she completely spells out how closing down the businesses that provide jobs is an investment, but the foreign investors in the Clinton Foundation are sure to get a handsome return on their investment. I will admit to being a tad disappointed that she didn't reference her amazing ability to realize a gargantuan return on her cattle futures investment as proof of her amazing economic prowess; surely a means to spur the economy and put the 90,000,000 out of work people in this country back to work with 'living wages,' and lots of free stuff. Bernie Sanders can attest to the merits of a living wage gained through public service as seen in his real estate holdings. I also appreciated her get tough stand on our porous borders and the escalating threat of Islamic terror within our own country. I have complete confidence that she can take that 3:00AM call and do what's right to protect our nation - the smashing success of Benghazi come to mind. Although this book is largely (well, totally) preaching to the choir - those who would vote for her even if she robbed their grandmother, she does make a case for her election this year. Hillary for the White House - er, make that Big House.
 An inspiring book. Undoubtedly written by a goddess. The words flow off the pages like a steaming cow pattie. Hillary must be elected. For she will rule like a spastic Ming the Merciless. I only hope, for Bill's sake, that Air Force One can land on Orgy Island.
 This is the greatest book ever written. It starts out with an orphan girl coming of age during a time of political turmoil. She marries poorly and is soon consumed with an addiction to 'nervous medicine' because of her husband's shenanigans. Bravely she faces the harlots and whores who would destroy her husband so that she can have access to the Big House. Soon she meets a Senator Moynahan who is confused why she would come visiting him in New York when she so clearly has her roots, like her hair color, in Chicago. She eventually parlays a presidential loss into a secretary of stateship, graduating into the highest levels of politics. Age eventually takes its toll but not before her political triumphs in Syria, Lybia, Africa, Russia, China, and Westchester New York where she buys her third house declaring 'as God is my witness, I'll never go hungry again' . The final six chapters, alas, were redacted but a Clinton sequel is coming soon to a theater near you.
 Hillary supporters are fired up about her new best selling fairy tale review image
 From the first moment I was gravitated to the catching words ' America is already great'. The cover of both cannidates who obviously put in several hours in the gym was both gripping and telling. The fascist salute I had thought gone out of style graces the cover of this masterpiece. I figured I would be learning the tales of how to grift, and sell public secrets to foreign entities, boy was I wrong! There was so much more! It spun tales of a beautiful utopic environment in America. Apparently racial riots and bombs are all there to work on our exceptence of others and self-awareness. America was already great, but obviously some group of deplorables needed some nurse ratchet therapy. I can understand this, and I would never want to have a nasty label attached to me for self-thought again! This literary masterpiece cranked out by some Harvard or Yale intern inspired me to do much less. Nurse ratchet and the pills burry dough boy would be there for me as long as I chanted the mantra and gulped the kook aid. I could see the writing on the wall - the downward spiral of inner city communities is just part of the plan. Veterans living in conditions of homelessness was to toughen them up as they had become xenophobic, racist, mysoginist. Strange how they have more contact with outside cultures than anyone I know- oh well-Nurse ratchet is on the case there! By taking away their benefits and bribing foreign dictators they once fought -those vets can learn lessons quicker than the ones obtained fighting in a fifteen year conflict. Who knew coming home would find them in the real conflict. The population control to combat climate change suddenly Ressonated. Definately the party I want handling the nukes- the ones who think there should be less people. I am very frightened by raindrops too, and having more abundant plant life simply just sucks for everyone-I want that ice back too. The war of combatting of ignorance, is, well raging. Although it burned my hands while holding it, I simply could not put it down. I knew the Hollywood group I saw on TV had led me to the holy grail of personalities. Thank God they took a break from all their narcissitic excess to lead me to a fountain of knowledge. I know they just want to keep grifting from their own foundations that are mere tax shelters like -H. I finally had the Quan. After completing the third grade reading level chapters I realized Stronger Together was a blatant warning to us all. There were certainly some stray sticks that these leaders will desire for discipline at a later date. I think those words 'Stronger Together' are compelling to anyone who may testify against this delusion of grandeur. In the end it made me laugh, cry, and kneel. I felt this warm nostalgic state come over me. I had to wonder if I was becoming one of the acceptables? Could I have a seat at the table? I will rummage through my change purse and see if I can come up with the acceptance fee of 250k- hopefully, I can. I need some extra copies for friends before this Pulitzer Prize is sold out! Wait, I think the Saudis, Soros, and Buffet own the rights-damn.
 Hillery is a T.U.R.D. Tyrannical, Unscrupulous, Repugnant, Disaster. Help spread the word in an even layer.
 To me, the most endearing part was on page 73, where she revealed that the pickle jar she opened on the Kimmel show was one she took when she left the White House, and it contained Vince Foster's wedding tackle.
 What book ( of Marxist drivel) has produced more entertaining reviews? In fact, this is the only instance of humor being a by-product of anything connected with that awful woman in the decades of suffering she has subjected us to. That the reading public (that is to say, educated public) has found joy in remarking on the criminality, delusions, psychopathy, narcissism, soullessness, and evil of this wretched person, only highlights the tenacity of Americans in turning lemons into lemonade. That Bezos and his minions - who support and profit from the anti-American enterprises of these candidates - would, Soviet style, try to airbrush these reviews away, is further testimony to the crony-capitalism espoused in this book. I am baffled however at what seems to be Tim Kaine's only contribution to this book, that is, the Zieg Heil on the cover. Are the candidates trying to pull votes from the "basket of deplorables"?
 common core ~  it takes a village to fool all the idiots potemkin village
 After not reading this book, I can tell you Hillary is the toughest WOMAN alive. Chapter 6 - “SEAL Team - H”, she shot 66 snipers (Bosnia), was the sole survivor of a fight with 4 ex-SEALS (Libya), AND got Bin Laden (Pakistan). On her way back from Pakistan, she airdropped arms and Hiluxes to ISIS to give them false hope – right before she bombed them in her B52, while chomping on Monica’s cigar. Next, while recovering from pneumonia, which apparently she had ALL THIS TIME (or amnesia, I forget – but what difference does it make?), this #RealAmericanHero © (All rights reserved by Saudi Arabia/Anyone who hollas for $1) was being persecuted with expensive investigations. The legal expenses to defend her State Dept. home server farm on her Clinton News Network were bankrupting! And all for nothing - her good friend, FBI Director Comey, cleared her of ANY wrongdoing! Why, he even gave immunity to everyone involved to MAKE SURE that they’d tell the truth about Hillary! What else do you need - a Reddit feed from some IT guy? Come on! Just imagine the xenophobia, racism, and sheer GALL of these conspiracy theorists – they’re no better than the UTTERLY deplorable Pepe!  In Chapter 11, we see the result of this discrimination against her because she’s a woman - she is now SO poor, she only had ONE mansion! If she didn’t have a perfect record of cattle futures trading, she would have been on the streets!  So you know what, some people might ask why she’s not 50 points ahead. They’re just jealous! I’M WITH HER all the way to the retirement home! America is so fortunate to have her, we’d be STRONGER TOGETHER even in the afterlife, where I intend to keep voting Democrat no matter what Vince Foster’s ghost has to say. THAT’s the type of inspirational leader she is and THAT’s why she’ll be the best El Presidente For Life!
 Found this in the stall at the local public restroom. Half the pages were already missing but I found what was left more than enough to accomplish what I needed to get done.
 I hated the book but gave it 5 stars so Amazon wouldn't delete my review. I also wanted to see if it lists me as a verified purchase,
 It's amazing none of the comments on deleted reviews mentions Jamie Gorelic, amazon board member.  Amazon added Jamie Gorelic as a board member in 2012 given Mz. Gorelic's extensive experience in retail and Internet technology.  Mz. Gorelic is most famously known for creating "The Wall" between the FBI and the CIA preventing the domestic law enforcement agency and the international intelligence agency from sharing information.  Subsequently Mz. Gorelic sat on the 9/11 Commission in its attempt to discover why the FBI and the CIA was unable to "connect the dots" on a huge domestic terrorist operation ran by international operatives. Attorney General John Ashcroft cited "The Wall" as “the single greatest structural cause for September 11.”  From 1997 2003 Mz. Gorelic was vice chair of Fannie Mae. Fannie Mae was subsequently revealed to be a cesspit of corruption, especially during this period of time.  Certainly the installation of a failed political hack indirectly responsible for the horrible deaths of thousands of Americans and saddling further generations with debt created by the Fannie Mae fiasco has EVERYTHING to do with increasing amazon stockholder value and ABSOLUTELY nothing with censoring critical reviews of a book written by the democratic presidential candidate. review image  review image
 Fantastic! Can't wait for the movie! No. I've got it. She's buds with Larry David and I know he can come up with a hit tv show "The Campaign About Nothing!" Ep 1: I'm a GIRL and I want to be PRESIDENT Right now!!! OR I'll hold my breathe till I PASS OUT!
 Here is a link to WND on what happened to all of the reviews on Amazon: http://www.wnd.com/2016/09/amazon-steps-in-to-fix-hillary-book-review/. Just like Lumbergh in Office Space who 'Fixed the glitch', by stopping Milton from getting a paycheck, Amazon fixed their glitch by just wiping away bad reviews. That woman is one stroke away from flat line, married to a serial rapist AND just can NOT follow State Department rules on handling classified information (Which was her JOB). No worries.......Amazon to the RESCUE!! White Knight away, Amazon. Cheers.
 This book was the worst thing that happened to me since my Dad died.
 This is an incredible book! I simply couldn't put it down. In fact, every time I tried my phone buzzed for a new text message reminding me I should remain faithful to Hillary's numerous supporters like Ron Brown and Vince Foster.
 I started reading this book, but I had to stop or I would have had to put myself down or die laughing.
 Bought just for the awesome watercolor on front cover. Jack Nicholson and Hillary meeting Adolf Hitler?! This book is gonna be great because it is gonna be good!
 ...for kindling. Printed on excellent, dry, flammable, acid free paper. You'll have your camp fire going in no time. Makes for a great gift for the boy scout or outdoorsman in your life.
 Absolute Masterpiece ! On how to Ruin America. A step by step guide written by a lesbian psychopath. Not that theres anything wrong with being a Lesbian. Some of my favorite fapping materials are girls on girl, but with thin ankles I can get my hands around. A great insite on how the civil war is being planned and how it will be divided up 5-STAR Horror Scrpit.
 This book is really bad, but Im afraid that giving it a 1-star rating might get me on some government watch-list.
 Amazing Woman! She even controls Amazon by having them go in and delete negative reviews. Jeff must want something from her or she has something on him. Hoping the three stars will make this, my second review, slip past the Hillary protectors. Believe me it's less than one star! Shame on Amazon for censoring honest reviews.
 I'm reviewing the reviewers. I will buy the book that is made from the reviews of this book. Thank you for taking the time to write such heartfelt reviews. I know the emotional pain some of you went through having to take time out of your day to express your opinion, not knowing that one day a 5 star book would be created from your reviews. I feel your pain. Let us stand together to review this book, and do everything else it takes to make America great again.
 I discovered something incredible in this book that will blow the lid off the Hillary/Kaine campaign, so listen up, wait, hold on, someone is at the front door, hold on........ (Sound of footsteps,.....door opening, muffled voices, scream, anguished pleading.....loud BANG!!!!........
 Great Reading if you like BS propaganda and can stoop so low as to support this HilBarf the Piss Stained Grifter. Somtimes I call her HilBo. I will not use her real name as she does not deserve my or anyone's respect. What's really Great is that she is getting her karma now. She had convulsion/collapse karma on 9-11 and is slowly melting down as her eyes Bug-out like the other day when she said 'Why am I not 50 points ahead?'  Anyhow, TrumpsGiving coming in November-- It's Going to be Great-- America that is!! ;-)
 An amazingly informative and entertaining read! No, not the book--the reviews. I read that Hil's backer Bezos has been a bad boy, bumping the back-to-back bad reviews with which the book has been besieged. This, her belles-lettres, only begin to befog, and befool the beggars. Beware the bombast lest you be banished to the "basket," there to bear the brazen backlash while your tax burden blooms. So, buy the book barbarians, be beguiled by the bull.
 This cleans better than Charmin, cottonelle and angels of combined , the paper quality is gentle on my Benghazi hole, and I also cleaned my computer with it and all of a sudden all my important software and files were cleaned aswell
 I liked this one better than Benedict Arnolds other book.
 The most crooked politiican in American history tells ghost writters what her staffers really think you want to hear so billionare publishing houses can give her more money in one of americas oldest scams
 I love it and what Jeff Bezos is attempting to do to pull the Wicked Witch of Chappaqua across the finish line. Zero Hedge says it best:  [...]
 I found this to be an absolutely wonderful book. Yours truly, Lucifer
 What difference, at this point, does it make???
 Our lovely new President knows to delete Amazon reviews as well
 I tried to read into it, but had to keep running to the bathroom.
 Did I read this book? Sure! Besides, at this point, what difference does it make?
 I cough......cough........cough.....gag.....spit..... think this book......cough......cough.....cough......... was really good.......burp......gasp.......cough.....cough...... Trump is bad........cough........cough......
 Rig the reviews, rig the voting. The crooks are everywhere. Got that, Jeff Milhous Bezos? FOOEY!
 People used write anti-communist graffiti on the Berlin Wall. This review section is our Berlin Wall. Hildebeast, you put it up and we'll tear it down. Mr. Trump will build a literal wall on the border, and we will tear down your figurative wall of lies and intimidation. WE DO NOT WANT YOU IN THE WHITE HOUSE, EVER.  Five stars to not get deleted.
 This book will go down in history as a brilliant work of literature, perhaps the funniest send-up of political writing ever published. The rather obvious key to reading this work is to simply reverse the meaning of every sentence and then truth is miraculously revealed. Try it. Endlessly amusing.
 This might just be the best item I have ever purchased. It cures insomnia. It makes a terrific doorstop. I plan to nail it onto my front door on October 30 to keep my house from being egged by Millennials. It's pages make great bookmarks for other books that I actually intend to read. It reminds me why it is dangerous to put too much power into the hands of a few people, Jeff Bezos. The front cover picture of Tim Kaine giving the Nazi salute makes me wonder what the hell the publisher was thinking. It's title makes me wonder what, exactly, the message of the Clinton campaign is, and who it is aimed at. I enjoy the subtitle, "A Blueprint for America's Future," because the one thing I want more than anything is for the Democratic Party and its disturbed, sickly, weasily, corrupt, pathological scrunt of a standard bearer to create a blueprint for the future of a free people who used to be smart enough to laugh at the "Five Year Plans" adopted in totalitarian regimes.  Whew, I'm tired (unlike Hillary!, who is "no wise tarred"). I better go back upstairs under the watchful eye and with the assistance of my loyal handlers and lay down for a rest, followed by a Michael Jackson / Prince - style cocktail of drugs prepared by my full-time personal physician.
 5 Big Stars of total Bull S***. Denial , deceit , delusion it can hardly be any worse. Neo-racist Hillary Clinton and her gang of goofy government gone wild hipsters juggle a nonstop orgy of criminal behavior while simultaneously attempting to navigate the river of dirty money cascading through the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And along the way have somehow managed to top it all off by manipulating the ineptitude of the DOJ & FBI and it director Jame Comey into the royal scam. An amazing maze of complete corruption at the highest levels of the US Government, and it is business as usual for the Clinton's and their supporters.
 Yup, I give this a five star review! Amazon didn't like my one star one so I know when it's time to buckle under and conform. Of course this has only proved the Bezo's bias as the program is set to automatically post a 5 star one. Didn't believe it til I tried. Went up in a couple minutes, obviously not read! Thankyou for proving all us deplorable conspiracy theorists right! Now can I have 4 of my stars back. I need them for my soup. Otherwise it's just chicken. Better than eating crow I guess.  The globalist oligarchs have been stunned an stymied with the mass awakening of their serfs all across the globe. People are tired of being used and deceived and the more the elite strive to put the genie back in the bottle the more genies appear out of thin air! Populism=Humanism and is spreading like wildfire across the maps of empire! Interesting times indeed!
 Finally! Some high-potency bovine manure. Seriously, she has some good plans for Lala Land and these policies will make the magical world of make believe a much better place. For those wondering why their comments disappeared, Hitlery keeps her own private Amazon server in her basement. She swears she posted all the comments and that none of the comments contained any classified information.
 This book is amazing. You realize how close she works with wall street in screwing the normal American person. Such devilish tactics to make money every which way. I want to be just like her when my soul dies!
 Biggest bunch of crap you'll ever read. This is the same review that Amazon deleted. I changed the stars from 1 to 5. Wonder if they'll delete this one, too.
 I Found It Useful And VERY GOOD As TOILET Paper...How Wonderful It Is When I Get Help From HRC !!! I Think She Will "Clean Up" During The Debates.
 Ran out of toilet paper and in a pinch the pages of this book worked great!
 I give 5 stars to the reviewers of this book!!  I wanted to thank everyone for their reviews. I have not had such a good time on the internet nor laughed so hard while reading anything! Bravo, my friends!!
 Loved it! It solidified my vote for Trump
 Disclaimer: I didn't buy this book to read, in fact, I had a hard time getting past the photo on the cover when I first picked it up. But the reason I bought this book was because I decided to carry it along with me at a job interview I was scheduled to have at a local State University for a highly sought after position in their Facilities Department as an Operating Engineer. Being a 50 something male from middle class America I have come to the conclusion that my specific demographic represents something which the younger "social justice warrior" type millennials and/or liberal-progressive college administration types who might be responsible for hiring decisions--- just might put me at a distinct disadvantage in this job interview. At first I considered just wearing a tye-dyed shirt and flip flops, or not showering and grow a thick lumberjack beard and wear one of those knit caps like all those hipster kids are wearing today. However, eventually I decided that might be trying too hard for an old war horse like me, so I knew I needed to come up with something else, something to make just the right impression.  When I saw this Hillary Clinton book on the checkout counter at the supermarket next to copies of Cosmopolitan, National Inquirer and the cans of Red Bull-- a light bulb went off in my head. Hey I thought, what if I get this book and then use it to possibly get a leg up at my upcoming interview? I mean what could possibly give more warm fuzzies to a liberal college administrator with institutionalized radical bias than seeing a job applicant who shares their same underdeveloped critical thinking skills and an innate sense of entitlement well into adulthood? Worth a try I figured.  When I arrived at the interview I was worried that I might be overdressed in my business attire, especially when I saw the Human Resources director who was a '60s something woman with long wild grey hair, no make up, and wearing a muumuu and Birkenstock sandals. And when I walked into the office and the HR director looked up at me with a less than friendly look on her face like I had just clubbed a wounded dolphin in her presence... I thought oh boy I'm screwed now! I thought maybe I should have worn the tye-died shirt after all--- or at least not showered and shaved like she hadn't that day. However, when I opened my briefcase to hand the woman my resume (strategically leaving the case open with Hillary's book in view) the interview seemed to go really well after that point; I even think the old hippie grandma even smiled a couple of times at me. And I have to admit, I was just really relieved that she didn't ask me anything specific about Hillary's book--- because I hadn't read a word of it! BTW who the heck is Tim Kaine anyway? Is that Hillary's IT guy?  Well, I can't say how happy I was that Hillary Clinton's book helped me out in landing a great job. I really doubt that Donald Trump's book could done nearly as much for me. The next day I was so inspired by the whole experience that I recycled the book in a newfound sense of global environmental responsibility. I guess people really can be changed for the better after all.  Thank You Hillary Clinton!!
 Is there no irony that a book written by the queen of liars has thousands of reviews deleted because of their dangerous comments? I wish it would allow me to post anonymously, but I ain't skeered of ol' Hill!
 I mean come on folks! It's the Most Qualified Book Ever! It's a Progressive that Gets Things Done, yet it also pleads guilty to being kind of centrist and moderate. It will teach you how to love the TPP, sell fracking around the world, rake in millions from bankers and dictators, and kiss Henry Kissinger without vomiting in your mouth! Sadly, however, it will not teach you how to keep your husband on the porch or follow federal records retention rules. But what kind of basket of deplorables would complain about a few little "short circuits" in this awe-inspiring masterpiece of soul-searing honesty? Truly this book deserves five stars and then some. And I am brave enough to stand up as the one lone voice of truth and award those stars! By the way, I would have written this review sooner but I was dodging sniper fire in Bosnia.
 I came, I saw, I threw up.
 I found several pages and many chapters missing but still felt compelled to give this book a 5 star rating.
 She talks a good talk but she is still a traitor. Send the book to Nicaragua, they need toilet paper
 I am not a Democrat and walked away from the Democrat Lite party called Republicans over 20 years ago. I purchased this book to read what Hillary and Tim Kaine claim to have in store for the American public if voted into the highest and most powerful office in the land. The expression of their dream did not take long. In fact it was expressed by Hillary right in the introduction. She describes her encounters with wheelchair bound and lunch-less children “on my first job after law school.” She says it became clear to her that “simply caring is not enough, but to drive real progress you MUST CHANGE HEARTS and (absent that working) LAWS.”  Unfortunately a lawyer-politician I have never met forcing my “heart” and “creating laws” to suit her ends is not my idea of a good or even mediocre president of the United States of America, defender of freedom, justice or liberty. I do not try (nor want) to change or force Hillary’s heart, her suspicious at best “ends justify the means” methods, and certainly do not feel the need to vote for a team and their unelected bureaucracy who would impose their ideas of same on me. Would I ask to be taxed, coerced, threatened with law breaking penalties and bureaucratically regulated to suit Tim Kaine and Hillary Clinton’s progressive culture changing ends and intentions? No. Thanks anyway, I’ll pass.  The rest of the 249 plus pages of flowery prose is a professionally written tax and spend tear jerking blueprint of the supposed utopia she and Tim will create. By changing hearts and laws. Curiously I did not encounter the words “liberty”, “self determination”, “freedom”, choice, association or words like them anywhere in this book.  So (apologies to Amazon’s rating system) for accuracy and information learned right from the horses mouth (or ghost writer’s word processor) I am forced gave Stronger Together 5 stars.
 Secretary Clinton. I am in the smallest room of the house. Your book is now before me. Soon it will be behind me.
 This review was paid and approved by Hillary Rodham Clinton
 I don't know why the publishers don't make it clear that every purchase comes with a grant of unconditional immunity from prosecution autographed by Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton.
 Looking at all these reviews, I feel a relieve that this Country is not lost and we have a chance to overcome liberalism and become Great Again.
 Can't figure out why she even wrote a book, when less than one percent of her supporters can even read...or are too dead to pick up a book.
 After the lack of interest that has met this book's publication, Her Royal Thighness Hillary Rotten Clinton sees no chance of winning the election, and has offered the Don to suspend her campaign for a weekend of fun with Melania.
 No. Wait. We're NOT talking about Margaret Thatcher's Autobiography? Sorry.  (I still get paid for the positive review - right?)
 Agree that the reviews are far better than the book. Giving five stars to avoid deletion. The old Soviet Union used to force this sort of censorship. Over here, they do it voluntarily.
 I didn't read or buy the book. Since the Cluntons had me killed i rarely bother reading. The lying enabling bitch in the Mao pantsuit can only make America great again by keeling over dead (again) at tomorrow's debate. Slimy Bill won't be far behind her. Sadly that is the only way the Clinton Crime Syndicate will be stopped. Even then the multitude of their fellow corpse voters will likely make this a close election.
 I'M LOVIN IT! You see, I am a sadist, so I ENJOY tales of death death DEATH!!! My favorite chapter was "Kill the little brown little people," about dronin' all the arab kids. YEEEAAHH!!! Flying' arms 'n' legs 'n' bloody stumps 'n' stuff . . . It takes a village to destroy a village! Then I liked "All the little sluts deserved it," about Bill's visits to child-molester island. I am just hopeful that this elderly rad shaky senile nuclear red button pusher can make it to the White House so's we can see some REAL entertainment! Who's up for WWWIII with Russia and China?  Oh yeah, right? I mean, who's not????!!!!?????
 Amazon sucks for trying to control the narrative. But then again the owner is a Hillary supporter and owns the Washington Post. [...]
 Sad.
 Since Amazon has decided to help spread Liberal propaganda and support the Marxist agenda by deleting negative comments about this book we will do most of our shopping somewhere else.
 I love this Crooked Hillary, she is the the most corrupt piece of dung we got running for President...you go Hag!
 OFF TO JAIL
 Reviews: What we who are not you do instead of looting.
 Couldn’t decide rather to buy this or used toilet paper
 I find this book to be scintillating. Just as Hillary was the greatest Secretary of State since Dulles (making Kissinger look like an amateurish academic in the process), she has set a new standard for American literature. Imagine a disciplined Faulkner writing non-fiction or Bonfire of the Vanities (the novel NOT the motion picture) written with an intent to more closely analyze the phenomena of the media rather than to chronicle the results and you can appreciate the genius of this book. As an analytically political tome it does rival De Toqueville. I certainly believe it will read by millions and vecime a classic. Just as Hillary is the most examined and fully transparent politician of her generation yet remains remote and unfamiliar to most, so it is with this masterful book. Once it is read (hopefully when she become President it will be required reading) it will be ranked among the most outstanding literature of all time. I have personally bought 240 copies ad Holiday presents for friends and family. I highly recommend this book!
 I'm a post op-female and I love Hildabeast. She lets her hubby experiment with a cigar sampler. Teehee.
 I read this on another review...Kaine and Unable!!!
 Ok, so I read the book and found it boring and dishonest. I gave it 5 stars so they won't delete my review. Hillary for Prison 2016!
 This book is an excellent follow-up to Rodham Clinton's previous book, "It Takes A Village." I am a big fan of these Marxist self-help books, particularly Farkus S. Smoochy's classic "My Neighbor's Cheese" and French theoretician Simone Boudoir's "Je Prends Votre Croissant Avec Beurre" (this translates to "I Grab Your Buttery Croissant", though Dr. Manolo Schwartzbaum's annotated version translates it as "I Squeeze Your Croissant Until the Butter Squirts Out").  Rodham Clinton's prose shines through in phrases such as "some wanted to stick with the king--some wanted to stick it to the king." This is pure poetry, post-modern to the point of meaning deconstruction, fraught with both classist commentary and neo-Hegelian dogmentarianism. More importantly, though, deliberate sentence-choice like this, as well as others like "hung in the balance," point to a barely repressed sexual rage, both beautiful, biting and blinding in Rodham Clinton's articulation of post-white western literary criticism.  While the Dublin School of feminist critique would interpret this as typical of post-Cretaceous gender diversification, it is important to balance the grammatical and rhetorical mastery of Rodham Clinton against the lesser needs of the bulk of planetary citizenry (both in contemporary racial and class coding, as well as the violence of inherent whiteness).  Similar to Aquinas' masterful (but not as nearly ground-breaking) work, "Summa Theologica," Rodham Clinton's book should be taken in single doses of a paragraph at a time, so compact, dense and delightfully inaccessible is her meaning, begging the necessity to be taken in minute pieces, not unlike how the wise consume the Trinidad Moruga Scorpion pepper (1.2-2 million Scoville units), lest digestion and emittance be impaired to the partaker's distress.
 I really liked this tome! It is amazing what ghost writers can do to help Presidential candidates hide their Parkinson's disease. Of course, Tim Kaine can try to make Hillary seem stronger as the Parkinson's stage 3 takes an increasing toll on her physical and mental abilities. Ghost writers can more books and fix Hillary Clintons name when she is barely able to drink a glass of without coughing and coming down with aspiration pneumonia. Eventually, Citizen will become President Kane. Hallelujah!
 Any book that can generate this number of hilarious reviews deserves 5 stars, even if the bellowing Bolshevik on the cover can't sell enough copies to pay for the first printing.  Disclaimer: I did not buy this book. If Clinton wins the election, I'm sure the book will be provided by the government anyway, and we will all be required to read it!
 I didn't know how to be lying cheating criminal till this book came out. Talk about a great instruction manual.
 There was more backbone in my order of fish oil softgels.  I see the price is now $0.01 plus postage, new, from some of Amazon's sellers. Postage is still steep, though, when you consider I'd be using the book for mulch between my fava bean rows.  When Hillary and Whatsizname are ready to pay me to take the rest of the press run off their hands, I'll order 30 cubic meters.  Back the dump trucks right up to my back fence. Thank you very mulch.
 Very sophisticated social political work! I now understand what led to the creation of the Third Reich and it's...... OOPS!!! Sorry. I thought I was giving a review on Mein Kampf. Awkward!
 Ok truth is I didn't read the book or buy it or have any intention to do so. What I think is a book in the making are the comments made for review. There is some great material that could become it's own book. I have encouraged my friends to check out Amazon's page and read thru the reviews.
 Nothing new here. The book is full of lies, just like Hillary. Giving a 5 star review so I don't get straight up murdered.
 It is amazing that a book that bears every resemblance to Mein Kampf. I find it surprising that this book would garner such support from the CEO of this fine web retailer. Let's set aside the fact that this review debacle has once and for all removed any credibility from the review process. Clearly reviews get manipulated to suit corporate goals. I just wrote this to see if any old five star review gets through where any negative review gets rejected. My original review never even got the common courtesy of a rejection notice. It simply disappeared like so many of H Clitons political detractors, a few bullets in the back, problem solved. This fantasy novel outlines a truly horrific outline for society. A model for failure in every sense. I did cancel my Prime membership renewal after seeing this prime example of media manipulation in progress. Every twisted finger does the bidding of the evil master. Who is to say who is behind this Soros, The Rothschilds?
 This book is so poorly written that it actually gave me nightmares. I kid you not. I dreamed that Hillary, dressed as an English professor, proceeded to savagely and forcibly sodomize me with her wrinkly member one fateful morning due to my lack of punctuation skill; exactly the same way she will violently corn-hole the rest of the country if she wins the election.  Lord help me, I can still smell the arthritis cream. I can still taste her foul breath. I can still feel the cottony soft pant-suit slamming away against my battered body as I begged for mercy. Mercy, which never came.  I gave this rather robust collection of toilet paper 5 stars, simply because that's the exact amount of stars I woke up seeing the next day. In the aforementioned dream, once I had recovered from the horrific rectal breach delivered by The Hill-dawg, I was eventually able to walk again. Sadly, once I fully regained the use of my legs, Hillary (voracious lover that she is) again turned her vile and perverse appetite upon my blackened & bruised nether-regions, causing me to lurch out of bed in pain and smack my head on the nightstand. Hence my seeing stars.  What a vivid dream.
 Absolute liberal drivel. A terrible waste of a tree.
 This rating may not accurately reflect how good or bad this book really is. Just don't want to be killed in a robbery without anything getting stolen.
 I was intrigued and about to buy the book but then changed my mind and decided to contribute an equal amount to the Trump candidacy.  I thank Hillary for the inspiration :)
 This is probably one of Hillary's best written works. it outlines her plans for making America "Stronger Together". Hillary and Kaine are obviously the better choice for the leadership of our country. I will be proud to vote for her in November. If you want to really understand the problems this country faces and real working solutions, then read this book! (And then do the opposite!) Everything said in the beginning of this review is the opposite of how i actually feel. My honest one star posting was deleted, so I'm trying again with 4 stars. I am so offended that Amazon is manipulating the reviews. For this reason I will refrain from making any purchases from Amazon in the foreseeable future. There are always alternatives.
 Everyone is wrong. Bozo isn't doing this for political reasons. He is doing it for monetary reasons. Just like Hillary and the rest of them. We the people need to refuse to do business with these people. That's the only message they understand. HIllary has already lost the vote. The elite can't even keep up with removing the reviews of the people anymore. Have you noticed that Facebook and even the liberal papers comments are a good 80% anti Hillary? The polls are rigged. Fox News is even secretly pushing for Hillary with there hidden attacks on trump constantly. I say if they try to tell us that Hillary won the election we fill the streets and ask the Hillary supports to come do the same. We will quickly see that there was no support for Hillary. Colin Powell referred to us as the 99% in his leaked emails when describing what we would believe. If Powell was really a military man he would know that 99% against 1% is pretty poor odds for the 1%. We hold ALL the power at any moment we decide to use it... The power is money... Our money... Don't give it to anyone that try's to oppress us. Boycot them all. We could turn this country around in 2 weeks if we all just sat at home and didn't go to work. The elite would drop to their knees begging for mercy. The rich becomes the beggar and the fool becomes the wise. It's happening. Don't be scared...
 I think what she is trying to say is:  Too much sugar? Eat a booger. Mesothelioma breath.
 Censor our reviews will you? I call BAH to that. Hillary is still the wicked witch of the west and I hope she strokes out on national television... preferably right in from of trump laughing at her.
 Fantastic proof that 100 monkeys in a room will eventually write a book. Put down your safe space adult coloring books and open your eyes.
 I expected that Amazon tweaked reviews but have lost all belief in Amazon reviews now. Will switch to Walmart for ordering most the things I used to buy here. Netflix and Hulu work just fine in place of Amazon's prime tv / movie service. Etsy is better than Amazon for craft supplies.
 Greatest comedy ever written!
 I "love it" that this "book" sold so few and is universally panned.
 Table of Contents was complete and inspiring. The typeface used was an excellent choice. The stock photos were breathtaking.  Surprisingly, there is no folio bound acid-free paper edition for those who wish to pass this tome to posterity.  My one criticism would be that the glossy cover shows fingerprints easily.
 My verified purchase review seems to have been deleted. Rigging the polls, rigging the reviews. Hopefully this recognized for what it is. Unlike most of the reviewers I bought the book and I read it. I have read all that I can find from both political parties and their candidates.  I am an independent. I have opinions and positions that both sides disagree with. In discussions with people they often get confused by my pragmatic (I like to think enlightened) approach to issues, liking it when I agree with them, calling me an idiot when I don't. I am not beholden to anyone, the opinions of my church or anyone else. My vote is not for sale. I am not a one issue voter  So this book provided a useful insight into the thinking of the democratic party.
 Yet again Hilary fails to deliver the blistering, chafing erotica that a woman married to one of the most prolific crotch-smiths of our time should be delivering at our feet along with maybe a sandwich. She instead delivers a riveting speech you've already heard with some differences. What are the differences you might ask? The basic differences are that she gives us a more detailed print than she was able to read off the teleprompter the first time at the convention and campaign stops where she can't put on her tri-focal glasses cause she wants to look tough and virile like John Wayne in front of all the terrorists that we aren't sure are terrorists yet until we find out exactly why they declared allegiance to ISIS/IS/Daesh/Whatever-we're-calling-it-today. Oh and she has a guy no one has ever heard of with the assuring smile of a Tickle Me Elmo on the side. Kids everywhere can feel safe with a smile like that and a grandma who only coughs up non-contagious never heard of before pneumonia phlegm up onto them. Personally, I'd feel better with her husband who will most likely do something to me I don't want with something that I understand looks like a fish hook or Joshua tree but much like with Juanita Brodderick he'd feel my pain with me afterwards.  Basically, do you want boring talking points phrased differently? Do you want to donate money because you know it's harder for warlords in the Middle East, Asia and Africa to donate cash for her elections on demand? Are you mad at the concept that Bernie Sanders could've legitimately won the election had it not been for the fast thinking Hilary saving you from the peril's of democracy and college students? Are you worried now that Jeffrey Epstein is thrown in jail that Bill might have slightly less chafe inducing erotic memoirs and needs this infusion of cash for research? Then buy this book!  I took off a star because I saw Tim Kaine (he is the guy with the Tickle Me Elmo smile turns out a google search took a long time to pull up this class act and solid conservative catholic) and a man in drag as Hilary on the cover. I can't believe Hilary's great sense of humor allowed such a disrespectful thing to happen. Seriously, she's already shown how hilarious she is opening up a pickle jar to make Jimmy Fallon a sandwich. I've personally covered up both with a trio of pics of Margot Robbie, Daisy Ridley, and Barbara Palvin being allowed into the USA under her new immigration system because that's exactly what all immigrants would be like. People that contribute good looks and lovely smiles. Oh and I put a pick of a bald eagle up looking approvingly.
 Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine's book "Stronger Together" begins with a powerful statement: "It has been said that America is great because America is good." Clinton and Kaine agree with that statement as do I. The book continues and reminds us that,"we face our fair share of threats and challenges." The strength of this 249 page volume is the detailed description of policy suggestions that carry the knowledge that the United States is a country of good as it creates positive change for the benefit of all its citizens.  "Stronger Together" outlines investments in job growth, clean energy, debt free college plans, reining in Wall Street, equal pay for women, expanded health coverage, LGBT rights, open internet, expanded K-12 education, fair immigration reform, national defense, women's health and reproductive rights, and more. . Hillary writes, "Americans don't say:"I alone can fix it." We say: "We'll fix it together." Clinton and Kaine's book is a blueprint of inspiration and ideas of how we as Americans will move our country forward together. Highly recommended.
 Absolutely Wonderful Read!!!! This Strong Woman, Hillary Rodham Clinton, would make an excellent Commander in Chief. I have voted for Republicans my whole life ( 40 ), But after reading this excellent book filled with Dynamic Plans and Real life stories, I will be voting Democrat for the 1st time! I will be buying more copies to give to all my friends, family and colleagues! If you want to know the Real Hillary and Kaine without all the Conservative spin, this is for you. Absolutely Thrilled!
 Great book. Here is your five star. Are we cool now?
 Sorry, I thought this book contained all of those e-mails that they recently found on Anthony "Carlos Danger" Weiner's laptop....But, no. I guess I'll have to go to WikeLeaks to get the truth about Hillary and Kaine...
 I give 5 stars to all hilarious and smart reviews written apparently by poorly educated and deplorable Trump supporters. If published they would make a great sequel - "Stronger Together reviewed" by We The People.  Tim Kane named a VP on July 22nd, book gets published on Sep 6. Do they think that people are fools?. Why would anyone buy anything, leave alone cast a vote for these two scammers?
 I was going to leave one star, but every time I clicked something other than "5 stars" the Submit button would turn into this image and blinking "!RETSOF" "!RETSOF". . .  What gives? review image
 A book of democratic policies. I love all the reviews though so much energy put into 2400+ hate filled reviews. Kinda sad.
 looks like the trolls are out en'masse .... wonder how many are the same person. Get a friggin life. review image
 Good read. Sadly so many who have written reviews are taking advantage of Amazon to promote slander of Hillary. But for those seeking facts and the policy platform of the leading candidate, this is an inspiring book.
 I plan on reading the book soon since the reviews have really peaked my interest. I think perhaps a better title might have been: "I'm With Her - od".  The book is already being offered 'used' for about $7. If you wait a bit longer, they may just give it away out of the back end of a military plane in Mena, Arkansas.
 Wow so much hate from the trolls on this, I'm thinking Secretary Clinton hit some nerves with it. Trolls never like fact and truth so I get it. review image
 I enjoy that Hillary supports the LGBT community. I appreciate her wanting to get student loan debt under control and raise minimum wage. I think the US needs to focus more on getting ourselves out of debt before we can help other countries as much as she wants to. I don't think we should be lenient with folks who are incarcerated because of drugs. It's disgusting when people live like that and not nice to have in a society. Also if the minimum wage was raised I think it would be good because some people should be working there instead of in big businesses.
 On Great Read
 Wow! Policy! Not vague statements of vague ideas that are tailored simply to have some emotional impact, but real policy, laid out in detail as any reasonable voter would want. This book covers the entire course. Domestic and foreign policy. But it gets into the details. Each chapter sets a domain of issues. Then the chapter is broken up into specific goals that Clinton/Caine wish to achieve in that domain. Then the goals are broken down into specifics as to what needs to be done and how it can be done. This is "drilling down" and getting into the details. Hey, if you're electing an executive team it is great to hear in such detail what they want to do.  The full breadth of issues are covered. Employment growth, bringing down college costs, reining in tax avoidance, ISIS and homeland security, energy policy, child care, all are covered and much more.  I have not read the rival book from Donald Trump, "Great Again," but why would I? The product description is an excerpt from the preface, and all that it displays is one-liners. Apparently the author is incapable of putting together coherent paragraphs. I would guess that this probably was written by Trump himself. If he hired someone to write this he was certainly duped out of some money. No, I think it is pure Donald. Gibberish!, which is all that I expect.
 This book Stronger Together by Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine outlines important plans/ideas Clinton and Kaine have for helping millions of people across America as well as global issues. Some of their ideas include revamping public schools across various zipcodes, in order for kids in public schools to have access to a quality curriculum (regardless of their socio-economic status). There are ideas to overhaul and improve on communities hit by manufacturing closures and to implement a new Manufacturing Renaissance Tax Credit. Additional ideas are included on making college more financially in reach for more people. Clinton and Kaine also have a plan to encourage all states to expand Medicaid, in addition to many more plans. On a global scale, Clinton and Kaine have written an objective to strengthen alliances and partnerships abroad, work to maintain them the alliances, as well as more global solutions.
 A very good reading outlining the detailed plans that Clinton/Kaine seek to implement once elected President and Vice President of our GREAT nation. Who would have thought that specific plans and ideas actually mean something? These two wonderful people do! :)
 This is a concise summary of what these two candidates plan to do if elected. Arguments are well presented and backed-up with numerous citations. In an election that has been so focused on character, it is important to remember that we're also voting for policies. This book tells you what Clinton and Kaine's are - and is worth a read.
 This is essential reading for all voters! Cut through the chaos of election year, and find out what Hillary actually is planning to do as president. Whatever your politics are, you probably want information. If you are undecided, you want to know what a vote for Hillary means. If you are a Hillary supporter, then this book will help you talk about Hillary's plans for the future with other people wondering what she would do as president.  I found the book surprisingly informative, well-organized, and easy to read. It has a simple, easy to follow layout, with sections on the economy, security and foreign policy, and domestic policy sub-divided into dozens of shorter sections explaining exactly how she would get things done. Hillary and Kaine start off the book, saying "We have an old-fashioned idea about politics: People who are running to lead the United States of America should tell you what they're going to do, why they're going to do it, and how they're going to get it done." I couldn't agree more, and that is exactly what this book accomplishes, just as the subtitle states, it is a blueprint for a more just and prosperous future with less inequality and more opportunity.  My favorite thing about the book was the level of detail. You have probably heard the headlines and speeches, about how Hillary wants in state college to be free to middle class families, but did you know that she also would allow graduates with student debt to defer payment if they start their own business? Or how she would allow people who have to cut work and stay home to care for an elderly parent, disabled family member, or special needs child, to earn Social Security for their caregiving work. There are so many good ideas here, on an astonishing range of issues, from providing people with skills, but no degree, credentials so they can get better paid work, to expanding insurance coverage for autism services while doing research into the condition to improve the lives of the 3.5 Americans with autism. Many of these plans would affect my life - and the lives of many others - in concrete positive ways. I am impressed to find concern for the bullying that autistic people face side by side with plans to defeat ISIS. The depth and detail of Hillary's plans show how she is well-informed about the challenges ordinary people face and how she would build on three decades of experience as an advocate for human rights and the welfare of the disabled, the disadvantaged, and children.  If you are tired of misinformation, platitudes, vague generalizations, and sweeping statements, pick up this book and read about Hillary's ambitious progressive goals in her own words.
 This review will purposefully avoid all political commentary and focus solely on the content of the book and its structure. If you're looking for criticism or praise of Secretary Clinton, I'm sure you can find a thousand more useful locations than the review section of Amazon.com.  If you are interested in reading the platform of Secretary Clinton and Governor Kaine, this book, "Stronger Together", is the way to go. The bulk of the text is divided into three sections, each describing in detail her policy proposals and their justifications for the economy, national security, and domestic affairs. Within each section, the campaign details several large policy goals. By way of example, in the economy section, "Expand health coverage and tackle mental health, addiction, and Alzheimer's disease" is listed as an over-arching policy goal. When the book reaches that section, it dives deeper and becomes more specific. It lists several more detailed policies specific to that overarching theme. For example, "Prevent, effectively treat, and make an Alzheimer's cure possible by 2025." Then the book will expand on each of those proposals by detailing four or five proposals to accomplish that goal. It gives examples of bills to propose, executive orders to write, taxes to be repealed or levied, commissions to be formed, public-private partnerships to be cultivated, et cetera. So, the structure of the book is basically a giant outline like one might make in the fifth grade, following an I:A:i:a:1 format, where each level down becomes more specific.  If you are a wonk, or looking for specificity, then book has great value. While it contains the obvious high-flying rhetoric here and there and includes a few excerpts from campaign speeches and talking points, the vast majority of the book is made up of facts, figures, and policy proposals. I find this interesting - a have a law degree and a masters in political science, so that stuff if right up my alley. But I can certainly see how one might find that boring or too "in the weeds" if you were looking for a more traditional read. I personally believe all candidates for all offices should release something like this book so we can get specifics on their platforms, and I appreciate the straightforward approach this book takes. It's well worth the read.
 Great book by the Democratic candidates to put their policies in plain and understandable language for all voters.
 Fantastic. Someone running for president who understands the job that needs to be done, and is ready and supremely qualified to do it.
 Almost 3000 reviews and most all of them really bad...Hummm, sounds "rigged" to me. LOL Yep, the Hillary haters came out in droves to review this book and you can bet they didn't buy it...just like I wouldn't waste my money to buy a book by Trump. Who are they trying to kid? Like we all believe these reviews were made by Democrats who bought and read Hillary's book? Right. Btw....good book outlining and explaining their policies.
 I found this to be a very interesting book. I admire Hillary for dedicating her entire adult life to public service, trying to make life better for so many groups. I think it is terrible that people have submitted fake reviews just so they can spew their personal political beliefs and they have not even read the book. People reading reviews for books care nothing about their political beliefs.
 This book lays out in amazing detail the game plan of a Hillary Clinton administration. I wish that revealing one's intentions as she has done was a requirement in running for office.
 Wonderful. What an opportunity we had. What a shame we blew it. Thank you, Hillary for your strong and loving gifts to all of us.
 Inspiring.
 Lovely introduction to Hillary and Tim. This is a fact filled book on their positions on the issues and what they intend to do with them. So pleased I have a copy to leave behind some day for this will be an election of historical consequences. Congratulations women~ we are almost there. Yes, America is GOOD.
 Well written in multiple sections. The text offers individual sections dedicated to the various problems this country faces, and it addresses each area of concern in detail. After reading this, I have a firm grasp of where the Clinton/Kaine ticket stands on each issue.
 Refreshing to have a candidate spell out their plans. Some candidates plans are 'Trust Me'. As Ronald Reagan would say - Trust but Verify. This book verifies that Clinton and Kaine have thought through the issues facing our country. Seem to recall many saying the world would come to an end if Barack Obama became President. President Obama has done well and Hillary Clinton is very well prepared to do the same. Would suggest that folks actually read this book before writing a review. Hillary Clinton has the experience and temperament to be a great President - she has my vote (literally, as I have just voted early here in NC)
 GREAT PAIR
 Excellent book. They spell out what the problems and hoe they are going to fix them AND more importantly how they are going to pay for them.
 plainly written, easy to follow, and gives a concise plan that hopefully can find some common ground with Congress to get something done
 Really good, easy to read, and informative.
 There are now just 3 days before the election. The Most Important Election of Our Lifetime For Most. I highly recommend that everyone buy/read this book STRONGER TOGETHER by Hillary & Tim & then GO VOTE for Hillary. Hillary is the only candidate who has the solutions our " starving " country craves. When Hillary gives a speech, as only Hillary can do, she explains to her listeners her various plans in depth & detail. Hillary connects to people talking about: National Security/ Jobs, focus on keeping jobs in USA,USA made products, Equal Rights, women/LGBT/Everyone, families, Health Care, Mental Health w/priority focus on Suicide Awareness/Prevention, military/vets, families, immigration reform with path to citizenship, free college, student loans, Criminal Justice Reform, bridging the gap between law enforcement & communities, restoring voting rights, Climate Change/Clean Energy jobs/ common sense gun operation while respecting the 2nd Amendment. Hillary has yrs. of experience, multiple accomplishments such as increasing the death benefit military families received from $12,000 to $100,000. Hillary was the Junior Senator who saw to it that our 9/11 first responders were able to receive the immediate medical care/services they needed after the tragedy. On the international front : Hillary successfully negotiated a ceasefire between Israel & Hamas. Hillary must be our 45th President & just as Importantly Hillary must lead our country as Commander-In-Chief. I want Hillary making those moment-by-moment National Security decisions that require experience, knowledge, steadiness, judgment of someone who has operated in the Situation Room. Hillary operated in the Situation Room when seconds counted. I TRUST Hillary to make those decisions. Vote Hillary for our President & Commander-In-Chief 2016.
 Fantastic! If you,re a REAL American...READ THIS BOOK! It,ll teach you right from wrong. Obviously, Hillary believes in what is RIGHT FOR AMERICANS!
 Well written, detailed, enlightening, and inspiring. This is literally a blueprint for the future of our country and explains the policies and proposals the Secretary Clinton has made the foundation of her campaign platform. All candidates should provide such information so voters can make more educated choices when selecting a president. Not sure what the negative reviews are all about but this is a must read for anyone who takes this election seriously and wants to make a good decision regarding our republic.
 Excellent, detailed policy that we won't be seeing anytime soon.
 Great book. This is where America is headed, like it or not. Don't listen to the trumpets. They'll be gone soon enough. After the election, we will just ignore them while we are getting things done. I'm sure they'll have fun watching sitting on their lazy asses, drinking the Bud Light & snacking on nacho "cheese". Donald Trump actually did us a favor; Now, we know who all the stupid people are. Very handy!
 Great Read!
 Great book, I'd buy it again for twice the price
 I am amazed and thrilled that the ideals I have are discussed in this book. In our world there is so much negativity towards Hillary Clinton. This book written by Hillary Clinton and Tim Caine shows us the true Hillary Clinton. This book is great for every American to read. To vote we must be informed. I love the goals and ideas in this book. In the beginning Hillary says we need more love and kindness along with action to solve our problems. Yes! They both say they can't do this alone. With the help of the American people they can solve America's problems. I plan on being involved. All of America needs to wake up and get involved and give our support to heal our huge problems.
 A must read in this most frightening of times.
 Too bad they weren't elected, this was a good, clearly thought out plan forward.
 This was a comprehensive outline of the intentions and policy ideas of the Clinton/Kaine candidacy.
 I like this book. It makes sense and what we need is someone with a vision who has experience to lead America.
 Just give her message a chance. She is the closes thing the American Royalty that we have. GOD save our queen.
 I thought the book was very thought provoking. It gives a greater insight into the making of the political system and the duties performed by those elected officials placed in a position to make a difference. I saw a number of negative reviews, however, I do not believe that most of the people who reviewed the book actually read it. It they did, I do not feel they could come up with a 1 sate rating. What are they basing that one? It is a book worth reading and I found it highly informative
 Hopefully you can make at least 50 percent of it reality. It's going to be an uphill battle with Republicans.
 Awesome book and can't wait for her to become President. This book it not a one star!
 A thoroughly honest and enjoyable book. Hillary takes the time to explain her logical plans to keep America great. Unlike her opponent, she does not subscribe to the adage that the best defense is a good offense. I am a Gulf War veteran, parent of an autistic child, college educated woman. Paranoia, threats, and accusations that we have heard from Trump indicates a mental illness. A person of his character would be dangerous to our country and society.
 The better world that might have been....the plan overturned by a minority who wanted no part of a plan they had no part in planning. Time to rebuild from the grassroots
 This book really isn't much more than a bullet-point presentation of Hillary and Tim's policies and plans. You can find a lot of this content on Hillary's website already. Each policy is fleshed out a bit more with description.
 I enjoyed the book to actually know a candidate has policies and a vision worth talking about. I have lost faith in amazon that they actually allow such stupid rhetoric from obviously people who never read the book. Shame on Amazon and shame on the people trolling
 After ferreting a synopsis of the Clinton/Kaine Platform on the Internet I discovered that I still had additional questions that were not addressed on the sites I consulted. More specifically, I wanted additional information on a solution to student debt which is an enormous task. (I attended university in an era when student tuition at a public university was $180 a semester!) A repeal of the Citizens United decision is also an imperative. A massive new investment in infrastructure to alleviate the "infrastructure gap" is also in the cards! I was impressed with the description of how this investment would grow the local economy at the same time. There are many many other proposals that will help restore the America that I grew up in!
 great product, thank you
 Excellent.
 This is a great breakdown of a real plan to help America be great again. This should be must read material for all Americans!!
 I'm fascinated by the negative reviews of this book, someone unleashed the trolls on both Secretary Clinton and Amazon; and on the same day as the first presidential debate. Coincidence or something else?
 Excited by prospects for this governance
 This book is GREAT because this book is GOOD
 All the reviews that are not verified purchases should be deleted. It's easy to run a smear campaign in the Amazon reviews section.
 This is not meant to be a literary masterpiece but a comprehensive description of the plans a Clinton administration would put in place. Very informative.
 It's too bad that people can't be open to ideas different from themselves. Are they scared that their head would explode? Or maybe they may learn something new and change. The idea that corporations have too much influence in our government is finally in the hands of someone who can do something about it. She is focused on key problems around education that lead to so many of our challenges. What I read in this book was more content around a plan to engage government in fixing problems to help us move forward. This book spoke to me personally and to the challenges I see in the world. If we could all get involved beyond just our vote then we could likely come together and solve more challenges. She asked for input and I want to do more to share ideas and take action. This isn't something we should leave to our politicians to handle alone. We are needed to get involved. This book helped me understand how I can make a difference.  I posted this and in less than a day I have been asked to go become a target of violence in the desert. This comment by Robert Williams I have reported to Amazon because this is not the type of discourse that should be had on Amazon or between Americans. We can disagree but to recommend I go die that is a truly low response. Mr. Williams needs to take a look at who he is as a person because what I am seeing is deplorable.
 Very Good Read! Concise and specific. Detail is great! A MUST READ for everyone interested in moving this country forward!!!
 It helped me find out what Hilary wants to do for our country.
 Weird! Almost no one reviewing this book has read a single page. A rabid army of Hillary-haters organized to flood Amazon with thousands of bogus reviews where they dump on their favorite arch-enemy. Oddly, a good number of them are so confused or ill-informed they think five stars means execrable. Having said that, some of these fake reviews are actually quite funny!  I paid for this book and read it all the way through. So here’s my real review. Clinton and Kaine have outlined a fairly detailed, sometimes idealistic but centrist plan to keep America’s modest recovery going. It is entirely mainstream, pushing for a balanced foreign policy, strongly supportive of cops, demanding excellence of our kids in schools. It’s not a hysterical rant by any means, and both of these public servants have the established resumés and research teams to buttress their proposals.  If resentful people want to spend their time zit-exploding their frustrations in this ill-mannered torrent, I guess they’re entirely welcome to do so. I can pretty much guarantee they’re going to be badly disillusioned when their hero is crushed on Election Day.
 Yes, like political policy bible. Great going Hillary!!!!
 So many of the reviews here seem to be from people who have opposing political views and haven't actually read the book. It's well written, thoughtful, and contains actual plans to help American families and workers. Great ideas and the means to get them done. This vision of America is what I want for my kids.
 A must read!
 Finally took time to read this. I feel better. I see what the problems are. Not so overwhelming. I see the solutions. Totally doable. Ready to elect these guys, roll up my sleeves and fix my country.
 I'm glad to be reading Stronger Together. It is an ambitious agenda and could be criticized for side stepping the difficult steps of funding etc. But there is a lot here; and I am often interested to see recognition of the compromises at stake between two conflicting goals-- for example, that between Security and Civil Liberties. But I value this read. I am also one who believes Hillary is a gifted and dedicated leader.
 I give it five stars for its content, which sets down substantive solutions for the many problems facing our nation.  On the reviews: One-star reviews: Currently, only 9 out of 1,410 one-star reviews are from verified purchasers. Five-star reviews: 36 out of 177 five-star reviews are from verified purchasers. Ratio: So, verified purchasers have given this book a five-star rating four times as often as they have given it one star.
 Clinton and Kaine's "Stronger Together" depicts an America worth investing in. Though I don't necessarily agree with every policy idea, I do believe that this is America's best hope. A great resource if you want to know where Hillary stands on the issues.
 Excellent book with clear, laudable details on how Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine will bring America together to address our nation's problems. Following on her book It Take A Village, the messages contained therein further amplify the specific policies design to address income inequality, racism, campaign finance, and college financing. Thank you Clinton/Kaine for your vision.
 Great plans!
 Don't mind the negative reviews. It is clear that the reviews for this book are being trolled, either by a group, or perhaps even the same person just signing in as different people.
 Fantastic Book! The ballot is stronger than the bullet. Abraham Lincoln
 Did not buy from Amazon( however, read book.. It was well written, interesting, and informative. Why people have trolled a book is sad and inappropriate.
 Great book. I have liked Hillary since 1992 when I left the Rep. party and became a Democrat, and have several of her books and Bill's also.
 An easy to read direct explanation of everything in Hilary's platform. If she could get half of her domestic plan to pass we would have a much better country.
 This was an exhausting book to read. I usually read mysteries and detective books where there is an eventual climax. This book is obviously just an introduction to what can be. If Hillary and Tim can help to make these improvements in our great country I am on board. Trump is plain "a loose cannon". We cannot let him be in this most powerful position of President of these United States of America.
 Her policies are laid out in an easy to understand and organized fashion. Stronger Together.
 I've read the book and appreciate the hard work they spent in penning this piece. I share their vision to bring society together as a whole. We can't change this nation without changing the minds of others.  Its extremely unfortunate and frustrating that there are a great deal of folks coming on here that obviously are Trump supporters to degrade Hillary and haven't read the book. This is why those comments are being deleted. It isn't that she has fans at Amazon as much as it is as mean people spreading hate.
 Great read! Very informative!
 This is an excellent book full of policy and plans. Well written.
 Zero stars should be given for Amazon's review team for allowing a campaign of reviews from people who like have never read or will ever read the book. I would like to genuinely gauge items on Amazon by the reviews before making purchases. Political rants belong on Facebook between people who's friendships rapidly decline in bitter adversaries.
 Fantastic book. A clear message of positive ideas.
 Terrific!
 Writing a bit simplistic but nice to have their ideas commuted to print.
 Nice to see a candidate for president that has a plan for our country. Very well written and detailed.
 It takes a lot of effort for a candidate to write a book in a short time that provides a brief, understandable outline of what they stand for. I ordered this book as I do with all books from candidates and began reading it immediately. It's broken down by chapters of issues and addresses them in an easy-to-understand way. For anyone who wants to make a smart vote, read about ALL candidates and what their positions are on issues. I was disappointed to see so many negative "reviews" - which appear to be faked from people who didn't even bother to read the book - that just shows ignorance. Be smart, and learn. This was a valiant effort on behalf of the campaign to inform people.
 Bought the Kindle version, was expecting a dry read since I'm only a beginner's policy wonk. Instead, I got a thorough and meaty overview of policy proposals. Far more interesting than I'd thought this kind of book would be!
 Most of the reviews are really organized partisan comments about Clinton and few appear to have read the book. Ofcourse Amazon deleted a lot of them and so they should. A psychoanalyst might describe them as having regressed to the fecal smearing stage. Deplorable!!!
 If you are wondering what Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to do for this country and what they believe in , this will answer those questions. Everyone and anyone who will be voting or thinking about voting for the presidential candidates need to read this. I would like to see a similar book on Donald Trump and Mike Pence. And for those of you wondering I am registered as an Independent.
 Good read. I'm glad Kaine is her running mate. =)
 I didn't buy it here but good book!!!
 About as a good a book as any campaign has put out. Compares to anything from Trump, this is a masterpiece.
 super.... very good
 I don't see a single substantive review here. I don't believe any of the negative reviewers have actually purchased or read this book. If you came to this page only to spew hatred and prejudice your comments belong in the trash. The comments are childish. GROW UP. There's some serious cognitive dissonance among the GOP candidate's followers who can't see his severe limitations and major character flaws but who obsess over whatever they perceive as Clinton's flaws. Spewing whatever is on his mind (no matter how ignorant or vile) doesn't make Trump an honest person. Nor does Clinton's self discipline and self control show she is dishonest.
 It's a shame that at the time I'm writing this 85% of reviewers couldn't even speak to the contents of the book. They'd rather talk about an Email scandal that has no bearing on the book.
 Right wingers have for years been engaged in flooding non-conservative books with negative reviews. So this sudden deluge of very negative reviews of this book should be regarded with suspicion. I know I couldn't subscribe to any ideology that I had to justify my belief it by engaging in deception. I always tell my kids, if you have to lie to conceal reality, that tells you whether or not whether what you're doing is good or bad. The problem with rabid political ideology is it becomes your mind. You no longer think, you just consult the pre-fabricated ideology to tell you what you're supposed to think. That's too much trust in some nameless powerful entity orchestrating the ideology. How do you know THEIR intentions are good? Because you're being told everything you want to hear? Child killers tell kids they have candy. You're supposed to have sense enough not to take bait like that. This country is a mess because of hyper-partisanship. People forfeiting reason and dominion of their their own judgement of right vs. wrong, in favor of fervent adherence to think tank- manufactured political narratives. If you've been reduced to participating i political deception so that your side can "win", you're selling your soul. For what? Politics? Some member of the ruling elite's promise that the world will be exactly as you want it? Child, no political party is going to fix your life. Change everything!!! Your experience is a result of YOUR disposition and the energy YOU resonate with . If your energy is perpetually negative because you're being consistently urged to hate this group or that group, darling, nothing external is going to help you. Your problems are form WITHIN. There is no flag, no national anthem, no skin color, no religion, no political party that possesses the power to fix YOU.
 Amazing book
 What a great book. It takes such a positive tone about what is right with this country and what needs work, but is doable. It shows us how to achieve the positive change we need. Only negative haters would find anything to criticize. Sure, some would have a difference of opinion, but only deeply negative trolls would totally melt down reading it. They will make great team in the White House. This book is only the start to show how they approach important matters, and how they will lead us all there.
 Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine have produced a credible and Studious plan to make real change possible in America.
 I've enjoyed reading and I'm happy to own (for $5! - reasonable) a piece of history. I think people of any political persuasion owe it to themselves, in the interest of being informed, to read this and understand what the candidates have to say for themselves, instead of through the filter of our various news outlets and stranger-yet online "news" outlets.
 I found that the sound bites were not enough during the early debates with Mr. Sanders, and with all the rhetoric being thrown around in the media, I wasn't able to get a gist of what Mrs. Clinton was proposing. Reading this book on how she and Mr. Kaine have actual plans and ways to implement them, really motivated me. I was always going to vote for Mrs. Clinton's agenda, but now I have to get other's motivated to join the fight. My daughter who is 21 now understands what her future will be like under a Clinton/Kaine presidency. To my surprise, she is even getting her friends engaged. Thanks for the in-depth picture into your policies.
 Amazing book by an amazing woman who has dedicated her life to public service. I admire how she has stood up for children and the disabled, and her policies will make America stronger way into the future. I highly recommend reading this book.
 With the assistance of the sound bites of TV and social media Donal Trump has been able to flumox the Republican Party, and con the general public. It may be good or bad, but it’s all entertainment! Printed substantive words, especially positive words, have a much smaller audience, but are still very important. Pro Trump people can’t risk having the public read Hillary Clinton’s “Stronger Together” book, so they corrupt Amazon’s Book Review option with phoney negative reviews designed to discourage its purchase, and, so far get away with it. The loser is, not only the public, but Amazon’s reputation. I have alerted Amazon, and the one * negative reviews have been reduced, but the pro Trump people have even corrupted some of the the five *****, supposedly positive reviews!!! The price of freedom is vigilance; something Germany forgot, pre Hitler. I pray America remembers!
 POLICY BOOK The first time a politician ever was honest enough to put out detailed plans before an election. Giving voters a more detailed hard copy of plans of whats available online. From economy, schools, to disabilities and equality, they cover every issue our country faces. Note: reviews are for real buyers, not for people trying to discredit authors they don't like.
 Really great and comprehensive description of Hillary Clinton's policy plan. Donald Trump doesn't have anything like this and he's incapable of producing it because he's a know-nothing. The contrast is stark.
 There were so many nonsense, and untrue reviews of this book the other day, there is NO question that some nasty trolls got in to mess it up...anyone who bought this book when it first came out would not hesitate to give it 5 Stars....but you can be sure....the trump trolls, once they got on it, screwed with the reviews...and thats pretty darn bad, when they did not even buy the book.....Excellent book....for people who like the truth and how things got done...
 This is a good plan that involves and supports the involvement of all people in a better future for the US.
 Wow! What a concept! Real detailed, clear, policy -- in terms we can understand. No bluster, no generalities, no lies, no insults. Just substance.
 It actually presents policy details that can be discussed like adults instead of the hyperbole and insults offered by the other candidate. Too bad the Trump trolls have taken over most of the reviews without offering any useful information.
 If you don't know Hillary Clinton or understand her policies, I strongly suggest you read this book. If you know her policies only through Fox News, then at least see what she has to say uncut and uncensored. I believe her to be a great woman, as vulnerable and prone to mistakes as all of us, but with the education and experience needed to lead our country hand in hand with all Americans. Her book spells out her policies.
 Great reading and the explanation of the policy was explained in great detail. I would recommended this book for people of all ages. From the economy, security and even the domestic policy was very enlightening and even more educational than one could imagine. Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine, I give praise to them for taking time out of their busy schedule to put this Blueprint for America's Future book together. I'm from the SHOW ME STATE and you did just that! Action speaks better than words. Plus thanks for making it affordable! This is what leadership looks like, Knowing the Laws and being able to put it in a book form instead of a teleprompter. It should be a best seller!!
 Nicely done. Concise, to the point, and easily "searchable." You know just where she stands on the issues, just what she plans to do for the country, and just how she expects to do it. You know it's good when you see all of the "reviews" from the Chump...oops, Trump Trolls.
 For voters that can and will actually read
 Kudos to the candidates for providing an easy-to-read, layperson-friendly outline and description of the proposals for change which they've designed to help working Americans. This book builds on the website information, making it possible to be better informed for voting in November. I wish more candidates would do this, especially for major offices. They address major issues inclusive of jobs, the economy in general, debt-free college, company profit-sharing, taxing on Wall Street and the super-wealthy, support for Social Security, defeating ISIS, supporting the military, childhood education, immigration, criminal justice system, environmental protections, and equal rights. Further, each candidate has included a short article that explains a key point of their personal political philosophy.
 Explains in detail Hillarys ideas and plans as president.Good if you don't know her policies!Recomende it
 Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine do a fantastic job of explaining the policies behind their plan. They have a strong plan that will put average families (I include singles In "families") first! They also care and support those struggling with poverty.
 I bought her book, Hard Choices last year and found it completely insightful. I can't wait to read this one. As for the trolls in this list of reviews, most are unconfirmed purchases. Read the because you want to be informed. Read the reviews only if you like trolls.
 fantasic, alot to learn and understand in our countries issues to make stronger together.
 Love this book. It's a very thoughtful, detailed book about plans and policy proposals that would help working families and children in America. I also love Hillary Clinton's message that we need more love and kindness. I recommend this book to anyone who is interested in an honest look at what Hillary Clinton is proposing instead of all the on line chatter and a media that's more interested in sensationalism and ratings than substance.
 The choices in the 2016 Election Year have never been clearer. Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine have outlined a very extensive agenda that will help make a 'Great America' even more accessible to all citizens. Getting these programs into law may be a bigger problem with the Congress mired in gridlock and obstructionism. It would be great if the new Congress learned to compromise and show some political courage.
 Thoughtful and sensical approach to curing our nation's ills. The authors are well informed of the progress that must be made and how to implement it. Very impressed!
 It's so helpful to read the actual policies this team will put in place in the Executive Branch. Thoughtful and well articulated, they have a plan and a path to achieve that plan. So grateful to know there is a team ready to lead from Day 1.
 This book is great and is such a positive, solution-filled page turner. The only kind of people who wouldn't love it are probably in favor of building a wall and having Mexico pay for it, too.
 I am glad Mrs. Clinton wrote a book with her thoughts, that can always be reviewed and revised, with the appropriate people if she wins; this will allowed people to make her accountable if she doesn't keep her promises. I have learned she has made mistakes, she has recognized them, and apologized for it. She has been providing much more information than her opponent, however, people do not give her any credit nor the benefit of the doubt. It is very sad people can't see the enormous danger her opponent represents, he has all the components to be a great dictator. I was wondering why people can't see he has no respect for many values and morals of this country, so what makes them think he will respect the constitution once he has the power? I like history a lot, and I have studied about president Kennedy, he never talked about himself, he was all about what we can do for our country. I am sorry but to me that is a leader, not a narcissist talking about how good he is, kind of superman........., but even the character superman, has been all about to help people, not about himself. Hillary' opponent loves himself and nothing else. In my particular case I can't support somebody that has been cheating, and taking advantage of people to his benefit. I have worked in supply chain for 30 years, and dealing with many suppliers and contractors, I always looked for the benefit of the company I worked for, but never trying to take advantage of the people doing services for my employer. I can't support somebody with no ethics, with double standard, and definitely I will no give the opportunity for that person to get even much more power. What happened with the country that used to say " United we Stand " after 09/11?, that was a very painful tragedy for the US, but it was so nice to see people with solidarity, caring for each other, no ethnicities, no colors, were important. The goal was to be together and work as a team, to get up again and move forward, that is how winning is done. This is a beautiful country, I am hoping we can work together again, respecting each other, instead divisions between us. Union make force, and "we the people" need to be united to make improvements and get fixed what we do not like. I believe much better results can be obtained. Thank you for your time.
 Good book if you're liable to like it. Don't believe the trolls.
 Highly recommend! An intelligent and strong approach to making real change in people's lives. From people that understand the global economy and how government can work to help all of us. Real change by smart , experienced public servants.
 Really inspiring and hopeful. So nice to get a more detailed look at how she wants to govern & her outlook on the world and the future. It's easy to see that the future POTUS & VP, have taken their life experience from childhood to formulate their perspective on their careers of service. I look forward to seeing how they will forge forward & hope they will rise to the task of the office which they seek as they will be held accountable. So refreshing to have a positive perspective rather than the doom, gloom & despair espoused by the other side.
 This is a very nice overview of the Clinton/Kaine ticket plans and policies. Easy readying, but also crystal clear about what Clinton and Kaine tend to do and what values they stand for. We all need to fully understand who the next President and Vice President are. I am impressed with the honesty and clarity in their expressed views, which are so very different from their opponents' who seem to pivot about something every week. This was an educational and reassuring read.
 WARNING: I checked the status of this book a couple days ago and it only had 28 reviews! I check it again today and I see that that number has increased 100x! And you can bet that they are ALL Trump supporters!  Need evidence? Look at the dates!  I approve of Hillary's agenda, though not all of it, not as much as Bernie's, but at least it's 100x better than Trump's.  UPDATE: Trump supporters trying so desperately hard to rebut my review. It's hilarious. The above statement WAS my review. But I understand a lot of Trumps are illiterate.
 Hillary Clinton has a real plan for America. Her theme of "Stronger Together" is a win for everyone. Thanks to the Trolls who reviewed this book negatively (without reading it, naturally), I was inspired to purchase the book AND make a nice contribution to the Clinton/Kaine ticket.
 Great book. I see the losers are leaving negative sickening reviews. This goes to show who Hillary was talking about when she said basket of deplorables. I can't believe the ignorant hateful reviews. It is one thing to disagree but to be so full of hate is just scary.
 Wonderful book about the future of America with Hillary Clinton & Tim Kaine. Some deplorable Trump trash are trashing it, but Hillary Clinton is used to that--she has stood up for 25 years to much, much worse.
 TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE DEPLORABLE PSYCHOPATHS ~
 This was written with hope. Hope that she can get her policies implemented. There is nothing new here. She has told her plans since day one. I read Mr Trumps book yesterday called "Send in the Clown" and did a comparison. If there is still common since, do your research.
 This book lays it out there. Giving comprehensive details on policy and historical perspective. So hard to imagine why she is ever questioned on transparency when its all right there in front of you. The competitor's book is called "Trump: Divided We Fall" and it is about the art of spectacle and how it distracts from real discourse on policy. I wouldn't recommend it but I think the title is right on. Go Hillary!
 Great read. Stronger together is how we move this country forward
 What a spectacular book. Filled with solid policy proposals that will move our nation forward. We are stronger together Hillary and Tim. Thanks for the easy reference guide! Can't wait to say Madame President.
 Wasn't shopping for a book but when I saw all the trolling going on here, I had to have it. Great book!
 I don't generally read books like this, but the controversy over the the right trolls caught my attention. Anyone reading their reviews should remember that none of them have actually read the book. How do I know? For one thing, they are mostly illiterate and the book has neither pictures nor pop ups. It is also written on at least an 8th grade level, far above their reading level. Such a book would hold little interest for them in any case. It does not contain any racism, sexism, misogyny, or homophobia, which forms the basis of their world view.  My advice to them would be to perhaps try reading the job notices on Monster.com. Employmemt would give them somethimg constructive to do and save tax dollars which are being wasted on their welfare payments.
 Yes I have read the book and you should too. Hillarys plans are articulate and well thought out, instead of written on the back of a napkin and changed every minute. I am amazed at all the hatred being shown on this page... Obviously Trump trolls think there is something funny about a madman being leader of the free world. I don't agree, and actually care what kind of world my children and grandchildren live in. So keep spouting your sarcasm and lies, does not make them true. #ImWithHet
 Hillary Clinton is awesome! And so is this book. A must read. Powerful, caring and shows how we stand together makes the world better for everyone.
 What an abuse of the Amazon reviews, which many of us rely on to make decisions about what to buy. I guess this is the maturity level of Trump supporters and Bern-outs
 Gives an insight to how Hillary Clinton will change America through her progressive policies. Trump cannot even write a book like this. Just a bunch of blabbering.
 Great book, great Team! ~Can't wait to have them running our country! --And, have to say, I am quite surprised to see how many Trump supporters can actually read! Whodathunk?
 Amazing! Very inspiring!
 Awesome. Can't wait to vote on Nov 8. The GOP has turned into a party of racists and neo-nazis under Fuhrer Turmp. As he might say: Sad!
 Amazing. I love this woman. We don't even deserve her how good she is.
 Hilary Clinton,  You are going to be the next President of the United States. Do not let this mass of trolls and mostly uneducated people take you down. The top ceiling is waiting to be broken and it will. I pray for people who cannot see the harm they are doing to themselves and the disservice they are doing to their children. You are an extremely educated women and that makes many people nervous. You extremely prepared for this big job and I know you will do it with all your heart and intellect. God Bless you and Mr. Kaine.!!!!!!
 Real plans to keep America moving forward. Sad that Trump fans use these reviews as a vehicle to express their hate.
 The hate-mongers are here in force. I wish The Donald had such a book about his plans. It would have to be titled "Hate, Racism, Bigotry, Misogyny; How to Divide the American People and Destroy the American Image in the World."
 FASCINATING read, loved it, highly recommend it.......👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 who are these bad reviews from? Trump?...Pence?.......
