 Unlike a lot of political books, this one does not appear to be ghost-written. Trump’s bombastic communications style is loud and clear from beginning to end. It’s definitely coming from him. So I congratulate him on the fact that he’s capable of writing a book on his own, unlike Ben Carson, who needed his wife to help him write his last two books.  The book starts off poorly, however, with CHAPTER 2 being a draw-out rant about how the media treats Trump unfairly. It made me wonder if he was ever going to get to the issues. When he did refer to the issues, he seemed to think the presidency was the same as The Apprentice when he said, “The weaker schools will be closed, and ineffective teachers will be fired.” So if you thought the teacher-student ratio in schools was bad, it looks like Trump firing teachers left and right will make it far worse.  Shortly after, he follows with the unrealistic quote, “we need a military that will be so strong that we won’t have to use it.” We already spend 8 times more than the Russians do on defense. We already have enough nukes to wipe out the planet. But terrorists really don’t care about that. Reagan and Bush already proved that no matter how much we spend on defense, terrorists still attack everything from the Beirut Embassy to the World Trade Center to our troops in Iraq.  CHAPTER 3 goes right to his #1 topic – THE WALL: “Mexico will pay for it. How? We could increase the various border fees we charge. We could increase the fees on temporary Visas….we could pay for the wall through a tariff or cut foreign aid to Mexico.” First, these are all small revenue generating ideas that wouldn’t come close to paying for a 1000 mile wall. Second, American consumers would be the ones paying the tariffs, not Mexico.  CHAPTER 4, on DEFENSE, starts with “Look at the state of the world right now…There has never been a more dangerous time. The so-called insiders within the Washington ruling class are the people who got us into this trouble.” Yeah, just ask someone when a Republican president did a better job. When Reagan was president, he gave scud missiles to Iraq after Saddam invaded Iran and started an 8 year war, while the Soviets invaded Afghanistan through Reagan’s entire presidency. Foreign affairs are always a mess, and the Republicans do just as bad, if not worse, than the Democrats.  There were a few good quotes in this chapter, however. Here are a few:  Good quote: "We defend Germany. We defend Japan. We defend South Korea. We get nothing from them. It’s time to change all of that.” In other words, if we are going to defend other countries or help them in a war, we should be fully compensated for that. I’ve been thinking that for years. (Note "I wrote this before I was aware that Trump was so eagerly supported by Putin and was willing to turn his back on our NATO allies. We should not make the same mistake the Soviets did when they signed the non-aggression pact with Hitler and let him have his way in Europe, only to turn and kill 14 million Soviets when he was done. Putin may be the most dangerous man on earth.)  Good quote: “if we are going to intervene in a conflict, there had better be a direct threat to our national interests…Iraq was no threat to us.”  Good quote: “There is no reason the federal government should profit from student loans” - a sentiment already expressed by progressive Senator Elizabeth Warren.  CHAPTER 6: This ENERGY chapter is where the book goes south again, with quotes like this one regarding the Keystone Pipeline: “eventually, the world will need that oil and we will need the good jobs that it will create.” Trump unwittingly reveals the problem with his stance with this quote – American oil will be shipped to the world and not kept here where we need it. That will decrease our energy independence. Trump proves to be just one more Republican who is interested in serving global oil more than he is the American people.  CHAPTER 7 is the HEALTHCARE chapter in which his best solution (after repealing Obamacare) is “I’d like to see a private insurance system without artificial lines drawn between states.” He says this will increase competition and give customers more choices. But I fear that after a while, we’ll have no more choices than we do with airlines. Trump offered virtually no other healthcare solutions in the brief healthcare chapter, which is worrisome.  CHAPTER 8 is about the ECONOMY, where every conservative book fails, and this one is no exception. Here’s where Trump resorts to lies: “Our national debt is more than $19 trillion …Even the most liberal economists warn that as we head past the $20+ trillion debt levels, we’ll be in big, big trouble.” Economists aren’t concerned about total dollars, since they go up with time due to population, inflation, and production growth. They are concerned with debt as a % of GDP. Right now our public debt is about 75% of GDP, as long as GDP grows as much as the debt, which is pretty much the way it is now, little will change. Once public debt reaches more than 100% - 120% of GDP (it reached 118% in 1946), then perhaps we’ll be doomed.  Here’s a bigger lie: “When you also take into account the large number of jobholders who are underemployed, the real unemployment rate soars to the high teens or even 20%.” This is a proven lie. The U6 unemployment rate (which includes discouraged and part-time workers looking to be full-time) is 10.0% as of 9/15 – the same as it was in 2005 and 1996, when the economy was considered good (you can look this up at the Bureau of Labor Statistics website).  This economics chapter offers few solutions. He just says he’ll negotiate better trade deals, and in the defense chapter, he says he’ll create more jobs with increased defense spending, which we know will balloon the debt the way it did under Reagan and Bush. He says in the following chapter that we’ll spend more on infrastructure to create a lot of jobs. I agree with that point, but it’s still more government spending that will add to the debt.  And that brings us to his TAX PLAN in CHAPTER 17. In it, families who earn less than $50,000 (which is just below the household median income) will pay no income tax. That’s about 50% of Americans. And then the rates beyond that are 10%, 20%, and 25%. That’s big tax savings for everyone. And he says “any business of any size will pay no more than 15%”, compared to the current corporate tax of 35% (a big break for foreign billionaires who use America’s infrastructure, safety, and workers to operate their American plants, but pay no personal taxes since they aren’t Americans). How will this drastic tax cut for everyone not add to the debt? Trump’s answer: “With disciplined budget management and elimination of waste, fraud, and abuse, this plan will allow us to balance the budget.” This is a pathetically-empty promise. The problem with it is that it takes a lot more spending to more-extensively monitor waste, fraud, and abuse, and even with that, doing so is a tedious task that’s easier said than done.  In the chapters I didn’t single out, Trump repeatedly toots his own horn by reviewing all of his wonderfully-successful business accomplishments, while failing to address the failures. And I don’t recall the 4 corporate bankruptcies being mentioned, either.  Despite this book’s weaknesses, it’s still better than Ben Carson’s and Mike Huckabee’s books. Huckabee focused on turning southerners and heartlanders against the rest of the country, while Carson frequently employed the blame-the-worker/blame-the-poor approach in his appeal to increase taxes on the poor while cutting their assistance – which is just plain cruel. I’m still afraid of Trump becoming president, but not as horrified as I would be with most of the other Republicans becoming president.
 Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again by Donald J. Trump  “Crippled America" gives the reader a better understanding of whom Donald J. Trump is and his ideas for the future. This succinct 208-page book includes the following seventeen chapters: 1. Winning Again, 2. Our “Unbiased” Political Media, 3. Immigration: Good Walls Make Good Neighbors, 4. Foreign Policy: Fighting for Peace, 5. Education: A Failing Grade, 6. The Energy Debate: A Lot of Hot Air, 7. Health Care Is Making Us All Sick, 8. It’s Still the Economy, Stupid, 9. Nice Guys Can Finish First, 10. Lucky to Be an American, 11. The Right to Bear Arms, 12. Our Infrastructure Is Crumbling, 13. Values, 14. A New Game in Town, 15. Teaching the Media Dollars and Sense, 16. A Tax Code That Works, and 17. Making America Great Again.  Positives: 1. A well-written, direct and accessible book. 2. I’m not going out on a limb to suggest Trump had a ghostwriter but the book accurately reflects his politics and his personality. 3. The book flows well from chapter to chapter. Each chapter covers a political topic of interest. 4. It succeeds it giving the reader a better understanding of who Donald J. Trump is. 5. The preface provides an accurate appetizer of things to come. 6. Explains his commitment to winning and how we can achieve that. 7. Trump shows how he uses the media. “I have a mutually profitable two-way relationship with the media—we give each other what we need. And now I am using that relationship to talk about the future of America.” 8. Explains his philosophy of work. “So here’s the way I work: I find the people who are the best in the world at what needs to be done, then I hire them to do it, and then I let them do it . . . but I always watch over them.” 9. Makes some good points in reference to immigration. “Most important is ending or curtailing so-called birthright citizenship, or anchor babies.” “My immigration policy is actually pretty simple. We need to make changes to our laws to make it easier for those people who can contribute to this country to come here legally while making it impossible for criminal elements and other people to get here illegally.” 10. Explains his foreign policy. “My approach to foreign policy is built on a strong foundation: Operate from strength. That means we have to maintain the strongest military in the world, by far.” 11. Give Trump credit, he is the only Republican candidate critical of the war on Iraq. “Iraq was no threat to us. The American people had no idea why the Bush administration decided to attack.” 12. Tidbits of negotiating philosophy spruced through the book. “Remember the principal strategy of negotiation: The side that needs the deal the most is the one that should walk away with the least.” 13. Valid criticism of a system that takes advantage of the public. “There is no reason the federal government should profit from student loans. This only makes an already difficult problem worse. The Federal Student Loan Program turned a $41.3 billion profit in 2013.” 14. Some surprises. “In short, I am concerned for the people who can’t buy into the American dream because the financial programs of this country are so tilted in favor of the rich.” 15. His ideas on how to improve the economy. “Start by negotiating better trade agreements with our “friendly” partners.” 16. At least provides one sensible idea on gun control. “Some of these restrictions obviously make sense. For example, felons and mentally ill people should not have access to guns.” 17. I think there is one area where Trump could have a major impact, addressing our crumbling infrastructure. “The World Economic Forum ranks the US infrastructure as only the 12th best in the world, behind countries like Spain, the Netherlands, and the United Arab Emirates.” 18. Life lessons from Trump. “Many of the lessons I’ve learned in business are applicable to our current situation. The most important lesson is this—Stand behind your word, and make sure your word stands up. People who have done business with me will tell you that I never say something unless I mean it.” 19. In perhaps the best chapter of the book, “A Tax Code That Works” Trump actually provides some depth and nuance in his thinking. “Instead of multiple tax brackets with multiple variations, there will be only four brackets: 0%, 10%, 20%, and 25%. This new code eliminates the marriage penalty and the Alternative Minimum Tax while providing the lowest tax rates since before World War II.” 20. Goes over some of his most impressive real estate projects. “The 68-story Trump Tower, on Fifth Avenue right next to Tiffany’s, was the tallest entirely glass-exteriored building in Manhattan when it opened in 1983. That helped pioneer the modern luxury-building industry.”  Negatives: 1. Neither references nor links to speak of. 2. It still lacks the depth one would hope a book on political ideas would provide. 3. On one side of the mouth Trump insults Mexicans while on the other side he provides kudos for their hardworking ethics. It’s this kind of rhetoric that has the likes of Mitt Romney fuming and cringing at the seems. 4. It’s my opinion that Trump unfairly criticizes President Obama’s Iran deal, a deal backed by our main allies. 5. The lack of polish for a presidential candidate of his appeal leaves a lot to be desired and is quite troubling. 6. In the worst chapter of the book, Trump show off his ignorance with regards to climate change. “Our first priorities need to be approving the Keystone XL Pipeline and starting to drill everywhere oil is accessible.” No we don’t! 7. Trump states that we need to repeal Obamacare but doesn’t provide a credible plan to replace it with. “We should hire the most knowledgeable people in the world on this subject and lock them in a room—and not unlock the door until they’ve agreed on the steps we need to take.” That’s it? 8. “Violent crime in our inner cities is out of control. Murder rates are way up.” Care to back up with facts? 9. “Religion also plays a very large factor in happiness. People who have God in their lives receive a tremendous amount of joy and satisfaction from their faith.” Some of the happiest countries in the world based on social science surveys are the also the least religious. I present exhibit A, “Society without God” by Phil Zuckerman. 10. “That means everyone working in the administration should look and act professionally at all times—especially the president.” Looking presidential appears to be a herculean task for Trump. 11. How many times does Trump have to tell us how rich and successful he is. “So maybe I shouldn’t have been surprised at the response when I filed my 92-page-long financial-disclosure forms. My net worth is in excess of $10 billion—even more than people thought.” 12. Some hot-button issues were left untouched, same-sex marriage, abortions, equal pay, minimum wage, etc… 13. Lack of supplementary material like charts, graphs or tables. 14. No formal bibliography.  In summary, I was mildly disappointed in this book. The book is easy to read and provide some insights into Trump’s political views but it lacks depth and leaves too many issues on the table. If you have listened to any one of a number of Trump’s stump speeches this book will be redundant to you. Nothing really new provided. At least the book is succinct and gives you an idea what Trump is all about. Average.  Further suggestions that will help you get acquainted with their views: “A Time for Truth” by Ted Cruz, “American Dreams” by Marco Rubio, “Unintimidated” by Scott Walker, “Rising to the Challenge” by Carly Fiorina, “Taking a Stand” by Rand Paul, “What I Believe” and “One Nation” by Ben Carson, “Immigration Wars” by Jeb Bush, “God, Guns, Grits, and Gravy” by Mike Huckabee, “Fed Up!” by Rick Perry, “Blue Collar Conservatives” by Rick Santorum, and “Our Lost Constitution” by Mike Lee.
 I'm speaking as someone who's completely unbiased, giving my nonpartisan review on the book itself. Let me be frank: if you like Trump, you'll probably love the book. If you hate Trump, you'll probably hate the book. To those with no opinion of him, this book may or may not be of any help.  Sadly, Mr. Trump spent about half the book (and I'm not exaggerating) either tooting his own horn about how wealthy and accomplished he is or playing a victim to journalists and the media. He does get into his viewpoints about his various political beliefs and explains why he has those stances as well as what to do about them. However, I have no way of checking his sources, so I can't verify if everything he says is valid.  All in all, if you feel like hearing his viewpoints from his own mouth, try it out. If you're not already a die-hard Trump supporter, though, you might be better off saving the time and money and just Googling his stances.
 While my aim is to review the book, not the man himself, they are somewhat inseparable, since the book is since Donald J. Trump's manifesto, autobiography, and statement of principles.  If you have already heard Trump on the news and in debates, you will find little in this book that you don't already know. In full disclosure, I have, up until this time, not been a supporter of Trump's candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination. He is still not my first choice, but after reading it, I feel much more comfortable with him as a potential President than I did before. However, it was recent events, more than the reading of this book (which were essentially concurrent) that may have changed my mind. By “recent events”, I am referring specifically, but not exclusively, to Mitt Rommney's denunciation speech, in which he escalated the ongoing civil war between so called “establishment” Republicans, and the “outsiders,” which Trump epitomizes.  If you are a veteran Trump watcher like me, you are probably wasting your time and money on this book. I myself only bought the Kindle version because it was offered at a highly discounted price on Bookbub ($3.99). Of course I foolishly bought the audio-book/narration, which added another $10 or so to the price. But Trump himself only narrates the preface, and the rest is done by a professional narrator. Apparently, Amazon (uncharacteristically) appears to have disabled the normal text to voice feature, forcing you to either to buy the audiobook, or just read it the old fashioned way (dirty trick, Amazon).  Trump's self-admiration and braggadocio is certainly on display here, minus his constant reminders that he is the leader by far (as of today, March 4, 2016), both in terms of polls, and delegates won to date. (Today, by they way, there are, as I write, ongoing primarys in Louisiana, and caucuses in several other states.) Trump does however, explicitly state his core policy positions on immigration, foreign policy, education, energy, health care, the right to bear arms, religious values, taxes, and our crumbling infra-structure. I found all of them to be, contrary to statements of his critics, solidly in the conservative camp. Probably the sole value of this book is that it leaves a written record of his conservative ideology, and can be used against him if he is elected and then strays into destructive Leftism and cuts his famous deals with Democrats.  Aside from that, you have probably heard most of this before: how great a company he has built, complete with photographs of many of his famous properties, and how foolish our current leadership is (true), and his pledge to turn America around and run it like a first class company. Of course while Trump itemizes his success stories, of which there are many, he fails to mention his many failures, such as Trump university, Trump Hotel & Casino in Atlantic City, Trump line of clothing (made in China), Trumps steaks, and Trump vodka, just to name a few. Of course, this is nothing less than we would expect, since this is book is a campaign instrument, in addition to its core value of explicitly stating his ideology for the record.  What is not in this book is Trump's rude and crude manners, profanity, or his habit of starting “food fights” and degrading and insulting his opponents and competitors. I believe that Trump does indeed have some worrisome character issues, However, while these are certainly not desirable traits, I don't believe that they will diminish his effectiveness as President.  If you, like me, are a conservative Republican, but Trump is not your first choice, I urge you to vote for your candidate of choice, but by all means, support Trump and vote for him if he does win the Republican nomination. The last thing we needs is a Democrat victory because of a civil war in the Republican Party. If that happens, America, as we have known it, is probably finished, at least for our lifetimes. However, if Trump can do even half of what he promises in this book, we will indeed “make America great again.”
 Mr. Trump has become such a figure of media, negative and positive, that you can't help but hear about him. In respect of trying to understand his point of view of each topic instead of what media usually twists and turns for each candidate, I decided to pick up his book.  I must say that even in written word his way of speaking has a candor to it that makes you want to keep reading. It is also not complex at all, which is (in part) what makes him appealing to the vast majority of his supporters. Reading this book took me a little over a week to read because I was reading multiple at once, but I'm sure it can take the average reader less than a week. In the case that he did not write this but hired a ghostwriter, then it must have been that he went back to rewrite exactly what he meant because 90% of the book does sound like him, including the awkward switching between thoughts in some chapters.  Now onto the point of this book. It was supposed to give the readers an inside look on what Mr. Trump stands for. Below are three topics I found most insightful to understanding his plans.  ON IMMIGRATION: He clarifies that he is not against immigration, but against illegal immigration, which I understand. That, however, raises the question of why many default to illegal immigration (by letting their visa expire or by entering the country in some underhanded way), which is because it takes so long to become a legal one even if one is in line. He does not talk about how he would approach fixing that issue. Instead, he talks more about building a solid border between the U.S. and Mexico.  I disagree with his "white male privilege" ideology, which I picked up from him saying that illegal immigrants steal jobs from Americans. Immigrants have a much harder time picking up jobs because of language barriers and education requirements, which was the case for my family. I don't think immigrants are stealing jobs at all; they're taking the jobs the privileged won't.  As for his opinion on anchor babies, I applaud him for bringing up the fact that it took years for a U.S. born Native American to receive automatic citizenship, but I do not applaud him not wanting to grant immigrant children born on American soil citizenship. Yes some immigrants do abuse that Amendment that gives "anchor babies" their right, but that does not make their child less of an American. I've known a handful of so-called anchor babies and they've all been incredibly intelligent and talented. They more than deserve their place as my equal and your equal.  In summary he says, "We can be generous and do all of this humanely. But the security and prosperity of American citizens have to come first," (CH 2).  ON ALLIES: In summary, "We're spending trillions of dollars to safeguard other countries. We're paying for the privilege of fighting their battles. It makes no sense to me," (CH 4). While out of context this seems out of the blue or wrong, he gives some good evidence to why he's frustrated with our alliances. It cannot be denied that other countries look up to America for help, but often we don't get respect back for our armies courage and effort. His idea is that the countries we help must pay for our help. I don't ask for a paycheck if I help a friend or family member, so I don't see why a country facing military attacks should pay for defense or refuge. In the case of non-emergency help I can see his idea working, which would make America less of a crutch for other countries.  ON INFRASTRUCTURE: Here is one of the chapters where Mr. Trump went all over the place. What he says overall is that America needs to repair its roads and tracks and bridges, and spiff up our shops and hotels and airports so that we look like a luxurious nation again (His tagline for CH 12 is "Let's Make America Beautiful Again."  An interesting point he brought up was that if you covered someone's eyes and placed them in a Madrid airport, they'd assume it was an American one. On the contrary, they'd assume our airports were of some second or third world country. From personal experience I have to say that Madrid's is much more beautiful than Dallas's and Washington's (best experience so far in Germany's), so I agree with that. I also agree with his pushing of having to fix our roads. That should be more at the forefront. He also mentions that "facelifting" America would create thousands of jobs, which would help lower our unemployment rate. He had me on these points.  NEGATIVES: Now why didn't I like his book? First, he repeats his assets and smacks you over the head with how rich he is. He's so indulgent in himself that the "About the Author" section in the back of the book is 27 pages long in ePub when most of his chapters are 18-20 pages. It does get quite annoying to read him say the same thing over and over.  Second, which is true of other politician books, he remains vague on so many issues. Like above where I mentioned his immigration policy, I would have liked to hear how he would tackle the slow application process. I wanted to hear more about how he'd have states check who's eligible to buy guns, his plan for healthcare, yada yada. Though he expresses his vague opinions in his own straight-to-the-point way, he sounds like any other conservative except a million times more self obsessed. I do thank him for explaining how he'd reform the tax code (CH 16). I wouldn't mind if his ideas sounded horrible, I just wanted to see his specific vision for every issue like he outlined in 16.  Third, there are no citations anywhere. Anywhere. He directly quotes some amazing sayings and interesting facts which I would have liked to see the source for (especially the Bill Gates one). Him quoting his father doesn't need one, but quoting a prior president always needs a cited source.  Fourth, this quote: "While ISIS is our most violent enemy, they ended up with oil in Iraq and Syria that we should have taken. That oil, along with ransom and extortion, is funding their army. I've advocated bombing the hell out of those oil fields to cut off the source of their money. This would barely affect the world oil supply, but it would dramatically reduce their ability to fund terrorism," (CH 4). Never, never, never are bombs the answer. Period.  Still, I enjoyed his pure honesty. He says: "I'm perhaps a controversial person. I say what's on my mind. I don't wait to hear what a pollster has to say because I don't use pollsters," (CH 2). He says what he thinks which happens to be what thousands of others think, which is what has brought him this far into candidacy.  Agree with him or not, he is an entertaining personality around a plethora of politicians putting different masks on for Super Pacs. I respect that, and I respect that he put out this book. Perhaps if he wins then some of his more ludicrous ideologies will change as well. He would certainly shake Congress up.  As for if I recommend this to others: yes. Read it so you know who Mr. Trump really is. His negatives and positives are right there for you to pick up straight from the source.
 Yes, the book helped me realize that The Donald is not all bluster and baloney. He has given substantial thought to the issues. I would vote for him to have a different picture on the cover. He wants to give the important message that we are to take him seriously, but that picture doesn't work for me. But the content of the book was worth while.
 I am a details type person. So I did find this book and Mr. Trump's boastful personality rather annoying. However he does make a valid point about getting into the devil with the details. It is not the job of the POTUS to write details, that is Congress. POTUS does influence the process, since they give it thumbs up or down when it reaches the Oval Office. As for his boastful personality, that he calls "Trump Mode". I lived in NYC for 3 years and I can understand how that can help you be a successful.  The biggest problem I have is some of the processes and populist concepts he tries to endorse. I find it difficult to fathom that a billionaire and Wharton School grad, could actually embrace some of the concepts (protectionism and making govt smart LOL). So is he lying to the people? Or is it that he knows Congress would never pass half of what he wants? No matter how the press tries to paint him as a loose cannon and idiot, you don't become so successful in business without knowing your crap. No one trusts the press anymore anyways :P  Still no matter what, now that we have reached this point. He is infinitely better than Hillary.
 This book which appears to be part him speaking and part him writing, clearly outlines where he wants to bring the country. There are some surprises. Whatever your opinion of Mr. Trump, here is the latest written record of his proposals. Must reading. .
 “Crippled America” is Donald Trump's latest book. It's essentially an extended campaign speech, in which the real estate mogul argues in favor of his candidacy for the American presidency. The book is uneven, as if written in a hurry. Still, it's probably necessary reading for anyone even remotely interested in politics, since the author really might become the next president!  At least to me, many of Trump's policy proposals sound contradictory. Trump promises lower taxes but also calls for increased public spending on infrastructure and the military. But yes, perhaps this is “revenue neutral” if all corruption and waste would be eliminated in Washington. A harder sell is the proposal to raise the taxes for the rich, while forcing outsourced capital and businesses back to the United States. What if the transnational elites decide to relocate to East Asia or Latin America? His foreign policy also strikes me as unclear. In the book, he is opposed to both Russia and China, but in the real world, Trump has questioned the utility of NATO and been praised by Putin. One thing is obvious, though: Trump is no isolationist. His opposition to the war in Iraq was a tactical one, since he feared Iran more. Indeed, Iran is singled out as the main enemy of the United States. Trump's support for Israel is unflinching, and he clearly wants a massive intervention in Syria against the ISIS terrorists.  Due to his controversial opposition to illegal immigration (most of which comes from Mexico), Trump is often placed in the same “right wing populist tradition” as George Wallace, Barry Goldwater and the John Birch Society. Assuming these people even belong to the same “tradition” (which is questionable), Trump sounds main line by comparison. There is nothing in his book about state rights or opposition to the Federal Reserve and the United Nations. Trump also studiously avoids most “culture war” issues. We never learn his positions on abortion, creationism, Confederate flags or gender-neutral bathrooms. He does take a strong stand in defense of gun ownership, however. And yes, he absolutely doesn't believe in climate change! When discussing religion, Trump reveals the interesting fact that he used to be affiliated with the church of Norman Vincent Peale, the author of “The Power of Positive Thinking”.  What makes “Crippled America” interesting is not so much what Trump says, but the way he says it. He constantly projects a tough guy image, so much in fact that he sounds almost ironic when he suddenly declares “I'm a nice guy. I really am”. Trump's main talking point is that he, as an outsider who built a business empire worth billions, knows how to fix things and make things done. The book contains color photos of Trump-owned skyscrapers in New York and Vegas, and a photo of Trump's family where they look almost like royalty. Clearly, this guy knows how to flash the cash! To a European, this part of the Trump phenomenon is the most baffling: ordinary workers vote for a guy who is obviously part of the establishment. I suppose those of us who chose to stay behind in Old Europe won't ever understand the appeal of the American dream…  Trump is controversial for two reasons. First, his opposition to illegal immigration (which can easily spill over into opposition to legal immigration) rubs both liberals and conservatives the wrong way. It potentially threatens the voting blocs of the former and the business profits of the latter (or even the former!). Immigration, including illegal immigration, is a pillar of really existing American capitalism. So is outsourcing and “free trade”. Trump is remarkably consistent in opposing all three, but it's a logic that threatens the system at a very central point.  Second, Trump has been extremely successful in gathering votes and other forms of support, much to the surprise of pundits everywhere (and perhaps even to himself). A large portion of that support comes from workers fed up with both the Democrats and the “real” Republicans. I think the establishment fears what these people might do, once awakened from their slumber. What will happen if Trump actually decides to stop immigration, outsourcing and tax loopholes for the rich? More importantly, what will Trump's voting base do if their tough leader *doesn't* deliver on his promises? Who will they turn to next? (Hint: It won't be Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio!)  Donald Trump has already been accused of “fascism” or of being “the American Caesar”. I think he is better seen as a latter day rerun of (pre-presidency) Ronald Reagan, and his voters as the new Reagan Democrats. I think Trump sees himself that way, too. The book features a photo of a much younger Trump shaking Reagan's hand during a White House event. Reagan is the only “real” politician pictured in “Crippled America”. Trump could also be compared to Italy's Silvio Berlusconi or even to Vladimir Putin. Caesar won't cross the Rubicon until Trump fails…  With that ominous warning, I end my review of “Crippled America”.
 While trying to get a handle on the candidates, I thought this reading might be enlightening. At some level it is but I suspect there is a ghost writer in there who filled in many gaps. You can tell what Trump wrote but filler information and stellar grammar indicate to me someone was paid to smooth over the rough spots. With that said, I did get a clearer notion of his take on the issues and some of his solutions sound sensible but I am still not clear on how I will cast my vote next month.
 Basically, instead of paying for political ads, Donald Trump gets you to pay him for the ad.
 If you've heard one of the many Trump speeches that have been aired since he announced in June, you heard this book. That doesn't make this a bad book, it just makes it not new and interesting.  I support Trump mostly because the people that I loathe the most loathe him. America can't be made great again because so many Americans are so mediocre or worse. They want the free things and will vote for those who promise to give it to them. And a large percentage of Americans are now insane, criminal, freaks or illegals.
 I found the content is pretty consistent with Trump's current position on various national issues once the media reporting is peeled away.
 This is not a well written book so I'm assuming he wrote it himself with very little help. It is repetitive. Still, my only reason for reading it was to see his politics. If he is who he says he is and means to bring the country back into a state of less govt. intrusion then great. He lays out his plans and I guess we'll see if he is the real deal. My trust for politicians has waned to almost zero. They say what you want to hear then they change when elected. It's a pattern in both parties. The content is good but the writing style is tedious.
 I am not a Trump supporter but I did enjoy the read. My only thought would be is that if Donald Trump would have articulated himself in the media as has been done in Crippled America I think it would have given him more opportunity.
 He's not doing any of the things in this book hahaha
 I was looking for a summary of Donald Trump's positions on various issues during his presidential campaign. I believe he states his positions quite clearly.
 Bought it to 'hear straight from the source', really seemed like one long PR speech with little detailed discussion of his presidential plans/policies.
 99% of these reviews are canned portions of his speeches - could it be possible these reviews were not from ordinary people but from spin-doctors/staff? Don't believe me then read them yourself... virtually all follow a general outline including: (1) generalized summary of who is writing the review/comment, (2) how this book somehow gave them a extremely important bit of data that helped them see what Trump is preaching, (3) regurgitation of stump info from the campaign speeches... etc. Especially enjoyed the review from someone 3 years out of high school who hates reading books but just could not resist this sizzling novel... pleeeeze! However, it is better than the self-adoring grandiose B. Carson trilogy (where man finally approaches God-like level of supreme knowledge and skill).
 I suspect his marketing will sell this. I wanted to see if there was substance. Some. But he really seems to have no plans that are specific. And he has a narrow view of humans from varied cultures. No surprise here. But I wanted to give him a "hearing" hoping that written words were more circumspect. Nope. He writes like he talks.
 How do you review a book like this? Basically it's a written version of the campaign stump. You're reviewing the author and not the book. That said it's a handy go-to guide for the Trump plan. You can always go back later and measure the results against the promise. If you are interested in casting your vote for Trump, read this book.  I'll give Trump and his handlers a ton of credit for utilizing the current media delivery technologies available. This "book" was written, edited, spell checked, compiled, published, and distributed in a span of maybe 6 weeks.  And while he offers no "solid" tactics or strategies, he identifies the most important concerns of the American public. He also implies that he will do what any good leader should do: delegate the problem solving to carefully selected SME's that he will appoint as his staff.
 This book came out on November 3, 2015? The first 7 reviews are dated November 3, 2015. Just curious.
 The introduction to this book is presented by Donald Trump in person. The rest of the book is presented by another person in a somewhat less hysterical tone. The book is pretty true to the public presentation of our most infamous presidential candidate.
 Interesting read. He is allowed to finish his sentences in this book. It paints a better picture of where he stands by his own words.
 Easy read.
 Great details explaining Mr. Trumps business accomplishment.
 It tells me more about his positions than any newscast. He isn't a bad choice, not a great choice but not a bad one like Cruz would be.
 I still don't know how he's going to "Make America Great Again", but it was an easy read. Although, most of the content was fluff and did not outline plans for change.
 Simple but effective
 Well uf everything he says is true its good for USA. The Numbers given are hard to believe but I gueshe is trying to impress
 Too general, BUT still my choice
 With all the coverage about Donald this book is really unnecessary. Save your money
 Written as the way trump talks. Very egotistical, but very informative. He states very plainly where he stands on the issues, and states exactly what his plans and his view are. I like him because he speaks his mind, I just hope he can do what he promises. Republicans and Democcrats hate him, so maybe he's the guy we need to shake up Washington. I will vote for him.
 No where near as good as his book "The art of the deal."
 Was expecting more than a reprise of his current campaign message. Trump outlines what is wrong with America but does not provide specifics on how he would fix it or pay for it if elected president.
 I didn't realize this book was so small
 This book is a joke. It is foremost a narcissistic biography on how great Donald Trump is (all his major achievements are included as an appendix). That's the bulk of the book. The rest of the book is about how bad things have gotten. Then there is a couple of phrases where Trump injects his "politics", that is, Trump's ideas on how to counter the bad things. These ideas are offered without any analysis or rationale at all. The only reason for why the ideas should be implemented is that Donald Trump is a businessman and politicians are politicians. Being a businessman has endowed upon Trump a special ability to see complex system problems and find easy solutions to them. Solutions like "build a wall" and "make other western countries pay us for our military presence". That's right, Trump actually wants countries like Germany, Poland and Korea to pay protection money to Uncle Sam. Disaster does not as a word fully cover the consequences of having this man elected president review image
 Great read
 Too simplistic and brief
 Good read
 Donald Trumps book was not impressive on how to supposedly save a "crippled America." I give the book 0/5 stars:  (1) frequently talks about how China is an enemy of the US (not exactly good foreign policy as a potential candidate especially due to Chinese investment in the US); but says it is an enemy for destroying American industries and taking American jobs. Valid points except for the fact that he while attacking rival or other corporations such as Apple etc. for outsourcing production openly admits he himself outsources production to China therefore calling into question his own business practices... This wouldn't be much of an issue if he wasn't blaming other corporate leaders for the same thing he's doing. But as the Donald states he is held to different rules because he is doing what is best for his employees and customers... Yet he then continues to bash companies such as Macy's, NBC, Comcast, ESPN, NASCAR, etc. for doing what was in the best interests of their employees and stock holders by severing ties due to his own self produced racist comments. Double standard number one of Mr. Trump.  (2) He claims that until new alternative or green technologies are developed that American must continue to drill for oil at home. I agree with this concept except at the beginning of the chapter he calls for a cease in funding to any alternative or green energy technology... Which basically means he intends to do his best to sabotage any development in those areas. One of many lies documented by myself throughout the book.  (3) solution for healthcare issues is the usual republican held line of repealing Obama care as it is known while offering no concrete details on how to better the healthcare system afterwards other then his analysis of competition in the health insurance markets (again another staple republican approach). Wouldn't be an issue this approach had not already been in practice for decades and been shown to be a complete failure... So again no solution for health care issues, or even a plan.  (4) consistently talks about his golf courses and buildings as if this has anything to do with being president, but then again it was a part of the ego mania I detected as I read the book and found these lines and ones about how rich he is and how great he is interspersed in every single chapter no matter the topic.  (5) claims it doesn't matter if he releases details of his plans staying: "I hope people understand that moving America forward is more important then the wonky details of a grand plan." Well moving America forward does actually need plans and details mr trump which throughout the entire book was found to be incredibly lacking in.  (6) says that religious freedom is a right that should never be threatened while speaking of how Christian he is... Of course trying to speak to evangelical voters at the base of the Republican Party; but this is found to contradict his comments about Muslims in the media and at rallies where he calls for restrictions in this communities religious freedoms under the guise of security. So I guess he is for religious freedom if your anybody but a Muslim... Another lie he said in his book.  (7) passionately defend the rights of gun owners and the 2nd amendment which I commend and agree with, yet he frames as the following: "whenever someone commits a crime with a gun you know who gets blamed, innocent and legal law abiding gun owners who are called to apologize." Very true mr. Trump, but then this is paradoxical because everytime a Muslim commits a terrorist attack you blame all Muslims and demand all Muslims apologize for the actions of someone they didn't even know... So double standard 2 of many.  (8) says the press and it's right to criticize the government, and business is a fundamental right that must not be attacked in any way for that is what makes America great... Yet he has attacked the ability of the press to freely report about him by revoking credentials of any news agency he has found to be to critical... Lie number 2 of many in the book.  (9) believes approach to China's leaders should be held like a business meeting and when Chinese leaders visit the US he would not hold any traditional state activities such as state dinners, or receptions at the White House, and actually believes this will lead to positive change in the relationship between China and the US? Shows he has no understanding of foreign policy, of the Chinese culture or establishment, or the type of drastic military, political, and economic fall out this type of action could have on America and its allies especially due to the amount of investment currently put into various American states.  (10) vaguely mentions his calling Mexicans rapists or him refusing to stand up against islamophobic remarks in his rallies etc. while saying it's not his responsibility. Once again showing he is not a president of the United States of America, but of the racist portion of the white United States.  (11) the only positive feedback I have of the book is chapter 16 where he actually does give details and specifics about changing the tax code, etc. and why he believes this would be positive for the country. But out of 17 chapters, to have only one with any actual credible details, I find the book as a whole lacking and therefore disappointing. If the book was meant to sway voters to his side then I would call it a complete failure.
 Nothing new in this book. Just a repeat of what Trump in his debates with no actual plans on how he will accomplish these feats. Money that was not well spent for this book.
 Some of the topics were informative about Donald Trump's visions for America; however, the majority of the chapters very much just barely covered the surface. In order to be informed about a candidate, it would be much better to have known more details about HOW / WHAT he would do to accomplish the visions. Often, the words are just 'sound bites' to make someone feel good about what he will do. An educated person wants more information.
 A quick read that's a bit like listening to his speeches. Basic summary would be: I have a lot of opinions, know how to build awesome buildings, have made a bunch of money, I'm not scared of anybody, I fight when I believe in something or when I want to get something done and most importantly I know how to hire people to get things done.
 Minimal technical information pertaining to the economy and foreign affairs. Trump is a master at serving himself.
 rambling diatribe without any real specific plans.
 This was purchased as a gag gift so I really have no opinion.
 Horribly Dark vision of our America. Only Trump would think to charge you for a book full of Conspiracy Theories and Lies, was a good idea. You might as well watch Hannity the Clown Show. Sad he actually charges his supporters for this Fantasy Book. Trump is not nice, more so Greedy. Doesn't care his Supporters are Poor and Broke, at least that is the Lie they tell. I thought there might be some secret knowledge only available to people who pay for it but nope... Just like Trump University, total Fraud. Reads like it was written by Mother Russia herself. MAKE TRUMP RICH AGAIN  I would recommend the following for a Positive Future: Stronger Together: A Blueprint for America's Future review image
 It is a complete advertisement and nothing more (which is not unreasonable to expect).... but still... terribly sloganized, unintellectual, and repetitive. Does allow one to see understand his reasoning which appears sound on several subjects... but at times is very easy to disagree with... in particular his denial of climate change (of any real scale).
 It’s time to face the facts America. We are slipping back into what could only be called a feudal society. We are a lot more comfortable than people were in the middle ages and that has allowed us to become too complacent. Elections are more than ever a battle for the soul of America and every citizen needs to carefully evaluate the candidates.  I read this book expecting it to be little more than inflammatory and empty rhetoric. Anyone who says it is just that, clearly has not read the entire work. Don’t get me wrong, there are clearly some fluff chapters in the book but Trump has way more of a plan than I expected. Can he be trusted with the soul of America? Will he truly help the middle class and not just his millionaire and billionaire cronies? I just don’t know. There’s no doubt that he’s accomplished a lot with his time on Earth but I just don’t agree with him fully on a lot of the issues. He’s correctly identified things that are valid issues but where I differ is in the approach we should take to fixing these problems.  In the opening chapters Mr. Trump outlines several things that have gone awry in the country. The media is clearly no longer objective. Both sides have an agenda and will slant stories in favor of their own goals. It’s still important to know what’s happening in the world but believing half of what you see and none of what you hear is good advice. The deadlock in Congress is completely ridiculous. There is so much wrong in the process of formatting laws that you can’t begin to detail them all. How can you attach a “rider” to a bill that has nothing to do with the original bill? No, it needs to be a completely separate entity. It’s ludicrous. Special interest groups have way too much sway in Washington. Mr. Trump is right about all of these things. Yet, I am also more than a little disturbed by his admiration for Putin.  And then there’s the immigration issue and the great wall of Mexico. Someone needs to sit the Donald down and have him watch Game of Thrones so he can how effective that wall is at keeping the wildlings out. They go over, they go under, they go around. I still maintain that most people do not want to leave their homes and families. They do so out of necessity. The real question is one of policy. How do we keep the terrorists/criminals out and let the good people come in? Increasing the efficiency of the Immigration and Naturalization service is one way. Instead of wasting our time sending back people who haven’t committed a crime why not get them started on the path to legal citizenship? You can use the same economic levers Trump outlines to get Mexico to pay for the wall to provide USCIS with the tools necessary to make this happen. Also legalize and tax marijuana. Take that money out of the cartels’ hands. More legal citizens means more tax payers as well and that money can be funnelled into other programs. Mr. Trump also advocates sending criminals back to their country of origin when they commit a crime here. Why? Unless they are a fugitive in that country they will be released and come right back. I think, even though it costs us, they need to pay their debt here and then be sent back.  Does anybody else find it odd that Trump says to be unpredictable after spelling out his plans for dealing with China, Iran, and Isis?  On the subject of education I agree that Common Core is bad. I agree with getting rid of bad teachers, increasing discipline, and giving students the grade they earn. But I would not do away with the Department of Education and have everything overseen locally. That just exposes teachers to the possibility of facing jail time for teaching concepts like evolution. There needs to be a national standard. It needs to be not just all STEM too. I’d advocate bringing back some elements of the classical education: music and arts. We also gravely fail to prepare kids for the real world by not putting more stress on learning things like basic economics. Many companies use Strengthsfinder (http://www.strengthsfinder.com/home.aspx). because they have realized how ridiculous it is to try and shore up every weakness a person has. You gain more by building on their strengths. If we could measure a kid’s aptitude for various subjects or industries and tailor their education to those strengths we could produce a truly effective workforce.  While we are at it let’s make trade schools and college, through the bachelor level, free. There can still be paid colleges and trade schools and if folks have the money they can send their kids to those. The reasoning for this is not too difficult to grasp if people can get past the initial costs. The Industrial Revolution propelled America to greatness but what brought on the Industrial Revolution? One thing was intellectual property rights. People had protection for their ideas and could profit from them. The other factor is that mandatory public education produced a smarter workforce capable of increasing efficiency and producing new technology. We can do that again. I include trade schools because not everybody is cut out for college. Give those people and option that allows them to support themselves rather than leading a listless or criminal existence. Again, more workers means more tax dollars to strengthen the system.  The energy debate. Trump would have you forget renewable energy and believe that global warming is a myth. I understand we still need R&D to get the most of the fossil fuels. We also need it for renewable energy to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels. Period. The GOP has this weird double standard about not handing their grandchildren debt while not considering the importance of things like breathable air and drinkable water. Do a Google image search for smog in LA or Beijing and then tell me this isn’t important.  Health insurance. Personally, ACA has helped me by making it possible to carry my kids through age 26. Trump claims that doctors are leaving the profession. Nearly all of the doctors my family has seen over the years are still practicing. Those that did quit, retired because they were at retirement age. ACA is not responsible for skyrocketing premiums. My premiums have gone up every year without fail and it was a trend that started well before ACA. It’s like that fabled drop in auto insurance rates that you’re supposed to get at age 25 for remaining accident/ticket free. I am 44 and have never seen those rates drop. There are problems with the insurance industry sure. It’s ridiculous that I have procreated responsibly having only two children and pay the same “family” rate as someone who has ten. How can a pill cost $10 to produce be sold for $1,000 in the US and sold overseas for only $20? Also, for that matter, how can there be two different price structures for medical services? One for cash patients and a much larger one when the patient has insurance? Trump accurately states that open competition will produce lower rates. What is unsaid is that it will also undoubtedly produce fewer benefits.  The economy. Here’s my personal observation: the Democrats have done a much better job with the economy over the past 20 years. Perhaps they understand economic levers better or perhaps they are better at playing the smoke and mirrors game. Eventually we have to admit that our whole global economic system is really nothing but smoke and mirrors. Take some time to examine it. Watch this video by Ray Dalio https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHe0bXAIuk0. I agree that our debt level is dangerous. I agree that Social Security and Medicare need to be made solvent. I don’t think jobs have disappeared. I have two and am skeptical when somebody tells me they cannot find and hold one. It is true that there is greater competition than ever for jobs so we all have to knuckle down and produce.  Trump also wants to eliminate “crazy over-regulation” and bring industries back to America. Let’s examine why those industries left: we won’t let them pollute willy nilly or hire eight year old kids or pay somebody a nickel for 10 hours work. Do we really want these companies back? I don’t believe all companies do this but there are undoubtedly a significant number that do. Never underestimate greed. There is a lot of Obama bashing in this book but the right never complains about the fact that no white collar criminals from the 2008 financial meltdown have gone to jail. I wonder why that is?  I agree with nearly everything in the chapters on the the military, the right to bear arms, coddling of criminals, and our crumbling infrastructure. Then we come to the tax plan. I agree with much of that but I don’t agree with having a 0% tax level. Everyone who benefits should pay a little something and the richer you are the more you should pay. Something that really gives me pause is Trump’s wish to abolish the death tax. I believe he means the estate tax. Watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1BNvSQAujM. Still think Trump isn’t for the wealthy. How many of us have a rich uncle who’s going to leave us a cool $10 million?  Here are some things Trump skips: women’s reproductive rights, LGBT rights, stem cell research (which is going to allow a number of countries, including Israel, to fly right by us in the medical advancements category). These are all the traditional stumbling blocks of the GOP and he ignores them. What does that mean? I think his silence speaks volumes. . .
 Not finished yet. Hope it goes into more detail about how he's going to fix things in Washington and less paper spent on pictures of his "stuff".
 I considered this to be a collection of rebuttals to all critisizms thrown Donald's way since the beginning of the campaign. It that's what you want, it's a great book.
 Ego driven liar.
 Too much Donald and not enough actionable information
 The book is poorly written and disorganized. Even though he has a ghost writer do all of his writing, he seems to have had too much influence on this book because the ideas are illogical. He does not have any grasp of economics and seems not to understand history. He has made it clear that he was not a good student and mostly prefers brawling, so if he wrote a book about brawling perhaps he would be more coherent and compelling. As it is the book is sadly lacking.
 This book does describe problems that America has. However, Trump is more interested in himself than others. He should write a book on "How to Make America Hate". He excels at making people hate.
 Why is this no longer called "CRIPPLED AMERICA"? The original cover photo, I thought, succinctly and powerfully portrayed the #1 problem with our country in these troubled times. I give it one star for flip-flopping. SAD! review image
 I didn't hate the book but pretty much how he is on television. I was just curious if he could expand on his goals for our country but he didn't. No real depth at all which I figured was going to be the case.
 Chapter 4 of Foreign Policy contains the most idiotic, dangerous idea I have heard in my lifetime: America should sell wars.  I am not joking, not only he defends the idea of selling wars to the highest bidder, but actually using invasions to blackmail countries. His idea of USA is that it shouldn't be the World's cop, but its mercenary. He talks as how the US military is the ultimate bargaining chip. After reading this book I would not be at all surprised if the US finds itself launching a nuclear attack on one or several countries in the first years of his administration.  I do encourage everyone to read this book, it is a trip inside a narcissistic sociopath that should never be allowed near the nuclear codes.
 If you believe a word of what is written in this book I have a bridge I want to sell you. Which will probably be happening soon enough. Amazing to me that anyone buys the garbage this guy is spewing.
 It is likely that Trump will have a head to head competition with Clinton. Can he continue his winning campaign? Will American has the first female president? This book gave very little information to these questions.
 This is part of the Trump University curriculum so it's clearly worthless. But since this man has done nothing to serve the greater good and has no public service experience I am appalled.that so many have been taken in by this con man. The song American Idiot came to mind as it seems so appropriate for the audience that will take to this sham material.
 He has no plan.
 I tried to read the whole thing, but it kept going back to chapter 11.
 This book is a loser, bigly. He doesn't tell us how we too can avoid paying taxes like he did, he doesn't tell us how we can scam sales tax with expensive jewelry like he did. He doesn't tell us how to get millions from inheritance from our fathers, like he did. He doesn't tell us how our dad can buy our business out of debt. This person has no idea about politics, which he will admit, but unfortunately he also apparently had no idea how to succeed in business without daddy welfare, so what is his expertise? If he had just taken the millions from his dad, invested in moderately risky mutual funds and banked a large percentage, he would be worth billions more than he is, but he couldn't and didn't His ideas are only revolutionary to the uniformed idiot. His racism is bone deep and well documented. This book is just a further extension of bad ideas by a garbage person. Read something else instead, or stare into space.
 I got bored pretty fast. It did have interesting parts but the guy is so full of himself.
 Okay. I just read the Cliff’s Notes on “Crippled America” because I after "No Child Left Behind" in school, I became stupid and needed a larger perspective. I would like Donald Trump to create a job for me because I am disabled. That would make him look really good. Obamacare had nothing to do with it. It did not exist when I became sick. Someone invented it later. Obamacare, I mean, not my disability. Probably not Obama because he is not a true American. Maybe I could be a hand waver at Trump Tower with my cane? I’m not a 10, but he might rate me me a 6 (my dress size). I know how to do stage make-up and could wear a wig of long, flowing golden hair. I bet I could make myself look like Ivanka because I am skinny and wrinkle free. Think about it , Don. I could sit in a wheel chair if you paid me more than $15 bucks an hour.
 I bought this book hoping to find out whether he would indeed have Howard Stern as his Vice President, as he previously said repeatedly on Stern's radio show. Sadly, any reference to this topic was missing. Perhaps Stern has turned him down. Stern says that he probably supports Hillary and I imagine that might disqualify him. Perhaps, though, he will appoint Stern to a position on the Supreme Court, despite the fact that Stern isn't a lawyer. It's perfectly constitutional. Donald is such an innovator that you never can tell what he might do!
 This is a terrible, fantasy book that he didn't even write. I doubt he was in the room when it was written or even in a 100-mile radius. It is full of criticisms, and most of what he believes is good about America is tax breaks for himself. It's full of lies. Ultimately, it's all me, me me with Trump and that is what this book is about. It's a transparent attempt to appear "presidential" which he is incapable of doing. He's not very bright. This book is typical of the "AnnCoulter" type of book that contains lots of talking points and phrases but is meaningless and shallow and definitely not intellectual. We want our presidents to be smarter than this.
 This thin book just reads like a collection of Trump's notoriously long, rambling, boasting speeches. I expected to see at least a few specific, detailed plans to deal with economic stagnation and global dangers, but it is actually even shorter and full of more generalities than his previous book.
 Trump University. Enough said.
 Pure garbage.
 I heard most of this on the recent news or while watching the debates.
 I just wanted to see if I could leave a review of the book without actually having purchased or read it. Looks like I can. I'm guessing most of the one-star ratings for this book were written by people who never even cracked the cover. People who have an axe to grind but can't be bothered to actually spend the time to read the book first. I haven't read this book, but I'm going to. When I do, I'll update my review. Maybe it will still be one star, but at least I will have read the book so that my opinion is based on the material itself, not on the hype surrounding the author.  UPDATE: As promised, I read the book. I'm updating my review, but first, a few words of caution.  First, separate the message from the messenger. A stopped clock is still right twice a day. Just because you don't like the person doing the speaking doesn't mean he/she is wrong about everything they say. Read the message as-is and judge for yourself whether you like what you're reading.  Second, be critical of how something is written--it may be the truth but not necessarily the whole truth. For example, Trump claims our government is broken. I agree. However, technically, our government is always broken. It's designed to be broken. It's design is what keeps it from becoming a dictatorship. Saying our government is broken is an appeal to emotion. It's true, but it's not the whole story.  Third, be wary of confirmation bias. If you believe Trump's message before you read his book, you're going to love his book. If you don't, you'll hate it. It's hard to set confirmation bias aside, but if you're going to critically review something, you have to try.  So, why three stars. Whether I agree with Trump or not, he did a good job of writing in a way that appeals to his base. As a tool of persuasion, it is well written. That was almost certainly his objective, and he achieved it.  As a book of facts, it is lacking. Then again, it wasn't intended to be a book of facts since facts are often quite irrelevant, even when they are true.  I didn't get anything new out of this book. All it really does is reinforce my opinion that Trump is a manipulator and persuader.
 This book was poorly written, lacked substance, and I could not finish it.
 It was hard to read this while trying to hold back the nausea. Clearly he has no idea what he is doing. I was a little surprised that it wasn't a coloring book so his followers could keep up. We already know his plan: Send our manufacturing to China and Mexico (like he does with his products), create jobs (for illegals, like he does for his building projects), and replace common core with Trump University. Since he has no foreign policy plan, maybe he can be ISIS with a slogan on a ball cap. "Make ISIS not cool again" or something equally stupid for his supporters. How does he think he can handle Putin? With a pageant? Oh, that's right, he already works for Putin. Clown. Save your money, you can actually see him be illiterate on TV, no reason to waste money on a book.
 I wouldn't read this if it was free through Prime
 photoshopped normal-sized hands on this edition? C'mon Donald we all know your hands are tiny.
 just because i cant rate it 0 stars!
 Evverything he saj is a lie. This book is horrible and I think anyone who is smart enough should NOT vote fof president.
 Bought this for my conservative dad and even he thought it was garbage.
 He did nit write it. The expressed ideas are far beyond his intelligence. He has never read a serious book in his life. A pure narcissist who employed a right wing writer to expose beliefs that Trump can't even begin to understand. There are many well written books about his subject matter. Try those.
 i don't get it! America is alredy great! He just made the book to make money.I would never vote vote for this horrible person
 Treatise for the gullible. Plenty of promises and rhetoric, but little substance to back it up.
 He should not be allowed to run. He is UNFIT.
 I would never have bought this book, but I read it anyway. Trump has no clue how to handle the job as president. He has a lot of bombast, but nothing to convince me that he other than a big mouth into which he consistently puts his foot. He is the most boastful and socially ignorant person that has ever run for president of the USA. He thinks he can single-handedly make the country better than it is, but has already ruined the GOP, and I can only imagine how he will ruin America if elected.
 You gotta be kidding me! 5 stars?? This is Junior-High-level writing... his favorite words are "I," "me," and "Trump." If he weren't famous, no publisher would have touched it. Anyone who gives this book more than two stars has biased, ulterior (political) motives. Trump states the obvious about national and world woes, offers nothing but old, simplistic, reductionistic ideas, yet I'm sure when he then looks in the mirror, he believes his own rhetoric, he really believes he is a great statesman. I fear for America's future.
 Waste of paper.
 Very childish, meaning that it reads like a ten year old wrote it. Just more gibberish from America's phoniest con man and sleazebag. Perfect reading for his largely-illiterate fans.
 he sucks!!!!
 Written on a 4th grade level. The whole book is Trump bragging about himself. Very little if any substance in this book. Don't bother reading.
 gift
 Don't waste your money on this pathetic attempt at a book. No substance at all. No references for statistics given. Very little by way of specifics in how he would execute his ideas. Brief Synopsis: Chapter 1: I'm the best & America is a loser Chapter 2: The media is mean & asks hard questions. I say crazy stuff to get attention Chapter 3. All the ways I will get Mexico to pay for the wall, & other things I have already contradicted myself on Chapter 4: My foreign policy- Build the military, stop helping other countries, increase costs for other countries to trade with us, & China is bipolar. Chapter 5: There are problems with our school systems & federal lending, but I will offer no details on how I would fix any of those problems.  Hopefully you get the idea.
 I have never read anything this poorly written and incoherent. I don't understand why it's got such good reviews, probably from his supporters. I would give it no star if that's possible.
 I tried reading this book, I really did but it was so poorly written I had to put it down after the third chapter. He makes outlandish claims and could really use a fact checker. Funny stuff if you suspend your belief system.
 Vote Harambe 2016
 In Japan, if your company goes bankrupt, you typically resign and if it's bad enough, you commit hari kari.  Trump has gone bankrupt FOUR times and legally cheated others out of MILLIONS. (The plumbing company my wife worked for lost over $100,000.00 in his Chicago deal) An ETHICAL person would try to pay that money back.  Donald. If you screw up, you can't declare bankruptcy.  Oh. For those who don't think he's going to bankrupt the country. Might want to check his tax cuts to the wealthy and his spending plans. Unbiased economists project he'll double the deficit in four years.
 I don't know why all these people are bandying about terms like "authentic" and "real" in reference to Donald Trump. They may identify with his exploitation of divisiveness and many more will envy his birth into wealth into an inherited fortune, but there's a glaring issue with Donald:  He is not a politician. He is not a constitutional scholar. He has no idea how to run anything except golf courses in Manhattan and reality TV shows; probably not even those by his own hand. Those who vote for Donald Trump and jump around for him likely don't have an idea what political discourse is, or they wouldn't like him.  Handing America to Donald Trump is an affirmation that all this country is about are two things:  1) Money  2) Image  Trump has spent his life trying to impress his rich father's friends. This vicariously impresses some people who feel that he is somehow going to protect them. He is not going to "protect" anyone. He--and this is a part of the pleasure his supporters take in being deceived, this realization--cares about no one but himself and his constituents. He is Ubu Roi, or perhaps a better analogy: Michael Jackson ruling Saudi Arabia.
 First America is not crippled! My Mother lost the use of her right hand and arm to polio. That is what crippled means. Despite being "crippled" she never thought of herself that way. She raised a large family with the use of only one arm. Tie your arm behind your back for a day or two and see what it feels like to be really crippled! The Polio Journals: Lessons from My Mother  If you want to see what a crippled country looks like go visit Haiti like I did. The Haitian people are wonderful, but their country is crippled by unending corruption, turmoil and political instability. Spend a month or longer there and then come back to the United States - and look yourself in the mirror - and say with a straight face: "America Is Crippled! Travesty in Haiti: A true account of Christian missions, orphanages, fraud, food aid and drug trafficking  If there are any places in the United States that are crippled it is in the Ghettos of our inner cities. One of my closest friends lives in an inner city Ghetto. He lives in a slum. I have visited him there for years and it ain't pretty. Do you really think for one second Donald Trump gives a damn about the numerous human beings living in the Ghettos located in every inner city in America? After visiting a Ghetto nearest to where you live a few times - look yourself in the mirror - and say with a straight face: "Donald Trump really cares about the millions of Americans who live in the Ghettos!" Ghetto: The Invention of a Place, the History of an Idea  To quote Donald Trump: “I like money. I’m very greedy. I’m a greedy person. I shouldn’t tell you that, I’m a greedy – I’ve always been greedy. I love money, right?" –Donald Trump, speaking at an Iowa rally, January 09, 2016
 Rubbish, pure fascist fiction this book is, couldn't believe chapter 12 saying how he said if he would of served in the military he would of won Vietnam war single handly
 This book is nothing but another promotion for Trump. He has no specifics, lies and fear mongering. My most entertaining bit is when he tells people he will make Apple return to the USA to manufacture the iphone and other related products. Firstly the iphone is an example of how the global economy is intertwined. 5 other countries contribute to the manufacture of the apple iphone. Watch "Inequality for All" by Robert Reich. He has a university lecture that explains the the iphone is assembled in China not manufactured. HUGE difference in concept and understanding. Firstly the USA designs the phone, programs the the operating system and makes the touch screen glass that gets shipped to china for assemble. Then Germany and Japan manufacture certain plastic and metal parts for the phone and lastly the biggest surprise of all is that Apples greatest rival Samsung supplies the semiconductor chip that runs the phone. Samsung being the biggest manufacturer of digital chips in the world. Even our beloved intel missed the boat on that one. Also the phone is already close to $900 retail and people cant afford it, so the only way you can afford it is by having the phone companies slip it into your data plan and to pay it off monthly, which is why your data plan is averaging$150 a month. If the phone were to be made here, it would retail probably for $2000 and the crime rate to steal it would go through the roof. Even FOX news said that. If you want to be a part of Apple and have great jobs with companies like that, look at their website. Nothing below a Master's degree in some kind of a technology specialty. Also I don't aspire to my kids working a in factory doing mindless manual labor. Also jobs will return to the USA in the form of robots working for the equivalent of $3 an hour. They dont need breaks, benefits or time off. Its a race for who is going to use the most robotics in their manufacturing moving forward. And so it goes. If you do get this book, lay it down on your garage floor, so every time you bump it, you know you parked your car.
 I bought this book to use in my cat's litter box but it made it smell even worse.
 Poorly written. Full of self-congratulation and many authoritarian themes. I can't believe some people are going to vote for this guy.
 Trump is a fraud. Take this book for example. When it came out Trump declared he would donate the profits to charity. To date he has not. If you are an easily manipulated sucker this book if for you.
 This book is filled with contradictions and delusions. He says he's not a bully because the media call him that. Then he goes on to talk about how he'll force people and other countries to do what he wants and if they don't he'll give them ultimatums. Yeah, that's what bullies tend to do. He also talks about the constitution in the book which is something he clearly respects, no doubt, but then he goes out of his way to ban journalists at his events. He's either a hypocrite or doesn't know what the 1st amendment actually means. They all have a right to cover his events, not just the ones he likes. I'd be fine with him saying the things he's saying because he will obviously never get them passed through all the checks and balances in American government designed to keep people like him from having too much power, but he's such a hypocrite that it's astounding how he manages to talk to anyone on a daily basis.  From a writing perspective this book is terribly structured. He can go from one point to another at the drop of a hat with no good transition. It's incredibly jarring and distracting. Also, we're taught in high school and through college that if you want people to take you seriously, you should refrain from calling them stupid and provide ample evidence for your point or to disprove theirs. This book has very little of that. Most of what you'll find is flimsy conjecture with things like: "millions of people watched me on TV, therefore they all like me." I'm not quoting word for word of course, but that's basically what he's saying. Never mind the fact that maybe there are people who are undecided or people of the opposition who are watching to get a good laugh. Everyone that watches him must support him, obviously. He also calls people stupid a lot. Not only is that horrible writing, but when it comes to government policies, most of that is subjective from person to person, but he just says they're stupid. Thanks, that's a lot of help.  Read this if you want to be entertained by hypocrisy. Stay away if you're actually trying to fix America, there are too many contradictions and inconsistencies to tell which things you should take seriously. I've got friends outside of the country and whenever I ask them about how their friends and coworkers view Trump, most of them say he's a great way to turn America into a laughing stock.
 Like his speeches and nonexistent policy ideas, it's vague and shallow. A great ear-tickler for Trump supporters who don't mind the lack of any meaningful policy ideas. Take it with a grain of salt...and remember Donald Trump admits he doesn't read, he watches tv. Also, he has the attention span of a gnat, and I'm pretty sure he didn't actually, write this book.
 First, I like to say that I was forced to repeat this review due to my clumsiness; I have accidentally deleted this review, but luckily, I managed to save it. So here it is once more. Now to continued where I last left off five months back.  I congratulate amazon.com once again for providing the book's excerpt, opening a window to Trump's “Cripple America: How to Make America Great Again.”  There's a lot in the excerpt to comment about, but I will only go so far because if I fully expand my thoughts, this book review will appeared as lengthily as an epic novel (this review will be epic enough!). A portion of this review will add something very important just recently discovered, not mention in the book: Mr. Trump Muslim's special ID cards.  As I did some year ago, I congratulated amazon.com for adding their books' excerpts for the customers viewing; it provided the very core of the book's theme. If the excerpts is to your liking, then amazon.com has made a sale. If not, then you, the customer, saved your money and also saved yourself a brain drain and a lot of unnecessary eye strain. So, here we go, beginning with Mr. Trump's quotes:  Quote: “Because we are not in a joyous situation right now. We’re in a situation where we have to go back to work to make America great again."  This comment not only old and rusty, but has whiskers ten miles long. It's overused and meaningless. But the strange thing about it, concerning with Trump, is his support for the Wall Street Bailout. Trump's bank, Pacific Security Bank, which is under the umbrella of Bank of America, have receive a generous amount of bailout from TARP. So I find it hard to believe that Trump is for Main Street since Wall Street is antithetical to the general population of America, meaning, the American voters; only the One Percent Club benefited from the bailout, as the likes of Donald Trump. In other words, you can't make America great by bailing out crooked banksters and investment firms, who, since 2002's mad rush for deregulation, flooded our economy with casino chips and mega ponzi schemes, bringing about the Great Recession.  Quote: “The members of the media who are so far lost when it comes to being fair that they have no concept of the difference between 'fact' and 'opinion.' ”  He's dead wrong; the media knows very well what they're doing: milking on Donald Trump's reactionary behavior. As with Trump, the media is only interested in making money. It have become a profitable circus, along with the rest of the GOP's clowns, strutting along on the stage (the GOP Debates), doing their song and dance. The ratings continued to soar after each debate, after every word Trump spout out from his nonsensical mouth. It have become the ultimate reality show. The more pompous he becomes, the more the media stands to gain and they DO. The “difference between facts and opinions” no longer has any significance in their candidacy for the presidency. Just pass the popcorn and enjoy the show until after the November 2016 election and then you can puke.  Quote: “The illegal immigrants who have taken jobs that should go to people here legally, while over 20 percent of Americans are currently unemployed or underemployed.”  This is more than just pompous, it's a flat-out lie. How many white Americans (which Trump is truly referring to) are losing their jobs to “illegals”? Better yet, which of these jobs is Trump alluding to? The only jobs these immigrants find themselves with are: car wash, leaf blower, janitorial, sewers, kitchen, hash cooks, construction labor, meat packing, contamination clean up, farm labor, road work, in mining, in coal, etc. These “jobs”, especially in the red states, are the lowest paying and the less appreciated and the most physically demanding jobs you'll ever find in America. If it weren't for the undocumented workers' role in filling these jobs, America will fall down and go “Boom!”  Quote: “Meanwhile, the bedrock of this country—the middle class—and those 45 million Americans stuck in poverty have seen their incomes decline over the past 20 years. Understandably, their disenchantment and frustration at what’s happening grows every day, and it gets worse and worse and worse.”  This one is easy; I'll make it clear cut. No billionaire has ever came into being without doing two things. For starts, ship all our major industries (jobs) overseas. This began in the 70s, and went overdrive during the Reagan administration. And it hasn't letup since then. During the Clinton administration, there was the repeal of the Glass/Steagall act and the passing of NAFTA. During the Bush administration, there was the costly and deceptive Iraq war, the Bush tax cuts and the Wall Street ponzi schemes, thus ushering in the Bush Recession and the nation's biggest mortgage crash. All this was spearheaded by the One Percent Club and their billionaires, such as Donald Trump. The only bumper crop during this time were, what else, millionaires and billionaires.  Quote: “We’ve wasted literally trillions of dollars in the Middle East, with virtually nothing to show for it except for alienating our best ally, Israel.”  Now we come to how we “alienate” Israel: the U.S. provides Israel with $8.5 million military aid per day; that's near $300 million annually (this include the Obama administration). For the Palestinians, $0 military aid.  Now about those “trillions of dollars wasted” in the Middle East, that's Big Oil, military/industrial complex, giant corporate contractors and the Republican neocon's war on Iraq (oil, again), which they pushed. And the more billionaires profited, the more the American people lost their economy and autonomy.  So much for accusations, now we come to la pièce de résistance, something just recently spouted by Trump, which isn't in the book, concerning the Middle East and Muslims in America: special Muslim ID cards and the wealth Donald Trump is generating from those “Muslim” nations, those who are trying to "destroy" us. Trump is very cavalier up to this point. He definitely believes that all Muslims in the US should be issued special Muslim ID cards.  George W. Bush faced the same problem in tagging Muslims as terrorist, only he was decent for a moment; immediately after 9/11, in a message to the nation, he ask our citizens not to take it out on Muslim-Americans; but later, he signed an order to have many Muslims in the US, in the thousands, round up and abused during interrogation, looking for any suspected and potential terrorists.  The treatment of these suspects received was illegal, but civil rights advocates couldn't get any charges against the law enforcement departments; all video tapes, interrogating the victims, were erased. But one group of Muslims, then and now, have been exempted from any thorough investigations: Saudi Arabians, particularly, members of the royal families. Trump will NEVER focus on the Saudis nor have them fitted with special ID cards. No presidents have ever done it and Trump won't be an exception. And we all know the reason why: OIL.  If you believe I'm in error, here's an eye-opener: the Saudis were "finally" investigated, concerning with 9/11, The 9/11 Commission Report. But this proved comprising; 28 very important pages, aka, the smoking gun, were classified. Once again, the Saudi royal families flew above justice to those 3,000 plus who were murdered when planes crashed into the trade towers. As suspects, these Saudi families, just a day or so after 9/11, were allowed to skip the country before they were questioned by the FBI, thanks to President Bush. Oil Power struck again. Trump, who claimed to be thorough with Muslims, won't touch that with a ten-foot pole.  Now we come to Donald Trump's money making enterprises with the Muslims. Still, on the political sled ride that all Muslims are a threat or potential threat (terrorists), Trump is expanding his enterprises along the strait of the Arab Emirates, in this case, Doha, Qatar.  Trump Towers caters Muslim guests through Qatar Airways. Each and very one a Muslim. Muslim princes, such as Mutaib bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, a former minister in the Saudi government, and the member of the Saudi royal family, reportedly lives in a floor in Trump Tower apartment. At the Heritage Trump Place, a previous tenant, Prince Nawaf bin Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud, a Saudi royal family member, owned a 10,500 sq. foot condo. This prince sold his Trump condo for $48.5 million; Trump has the audacity to make money with these, what he publicly considered, questionable individuals. But wait, there's more.  When Trump’s businesses empire crumbled in the 1990s, the high profile Saudi prince, Alwaleed Bin Talal, known for investments from Citigroup to Hyundai, agreed to take majority control of Trump's New York’s Plaza hotel, giving Trump “more breathing room with bank creditors.” Four years earlier, Alwaleed purchased Trump’s 300 ft. yacht for 18 $MILLION. Selling a yacht to a potential terrorist, right?  Trump's relationship with the Saudis doesn't end yet. There's Trump's International Golf Club. This Club is at the center of a new real estate development called “Akoya” by DAMAC, a Dubai real estate development club in May 2014. This golf course consists of nine apartments blocks and hundreds of villas. The first of these, the “Trump Estates” properties were rolled out on that same year. Also, there's Dubai’s Landmark Group, which owns the Lifestyle retail chain, which sells Trump Home branded products. Finally, there are dozens of Lifestyle stores in Kuwait, the UAE, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar.  These are just a few of Donald Trump's business interests in Saudi Arabia and the Arab Emirates, whose “Islamic faith” wants to destroy America; in fact, the majority of the terrorists who attacked the World Trade Center originated from Saudi Arabia and the Arab Emirates.  My final point is this: if Donald Trump, as president, is truly serious and sincere about all Muslims, foreign or domestic (including the royal Saudi families!), being issued special ID cards, he should make this public as soon as possible, especially to his base. If he does, he'll be “more” respected. But I fear this won't happen.  As previously mention, Trump's business connections with the Saudis are too close. No president, past, present or future, Republican or Democrat, has yet nor will hold Saudi Arabia accountable for spreading Sharia law and Wahabi (an anti-Western sentiments) around the world, which culminated on September 11, 2001. What Trump will guarantee is that he'll make the best deal possible: by selling us out.  In this regard, Donald Trump is left wanting.  *** BREAKING NEWS ***  March 31, 2016  This special addition provided by DeathAndTaxes. During the Chris Matthews Show, Matthews asked Trump how his proposed Muslim ban would encourage Muslims to fight the Islamic state, stating that it may, in fact, deter them from doing so. Trump's response will have far reaching implications, which I will state after the reading the partial transcript.  MATTHEWS: But there’s 1.6 billion Muslims in the world. And they’re all getting the message from Donald Trump, who’s leading the fight for the Republican nomination for president, saying, “Stay out of my country.”How does that encourage them to fight ISIS?  TRUMP: I have been told by many who are saying, “What are you doing is a great thing, not a bad thing.” The two people in San Bernardino …  MATTHEWS: Are any Muslims telling you that?  TRUMP: I have actually — believe it or not, I have a lot of friends that are Muslim and they call me.  MATTHEWS: Right.  TRUMP: In most cases, they’re very rich Muslims, OK?  MATTHEWS: But do they get in the country?  TRUMP: Oh, they’ll come in.  MATTHEWS: How do you let them in?  TRUMP: They’ll come in. And you’ll have exceptions.  Recently, before bringing up the idea of banning all Muslims from entering the country, Trump hoped to brand all US Muslims with special ID cards; the Matthew interview exposed Trump making an exception to what he dumped on his supporters as being uncompromising: keeping track on all Muslims in the US. As I earlier written, Trump's “no nonsense” approach proved to be “nonsensical,” as expected. So much for Special IDs on all Muslims in the U.S. When it comes to rich Muslim cronies, everyone in America, those under the 10 Percent Club, will be sold out by Donald Trump.
 Didn't enjoy it as much as Mein Kampf
 Waste of my money. Who really writes these books. Anyone ?
 Bought this as a gift for the 1%er in my life. I knew he would like it, only reason I bought it. Purchasing this actually made my skin crawl. The only good use I can think of for this is for throwing it at Trump's bloated oompa loompa face.
 Someone who gave this book 5 stars actually had the gall to compare Trump to Gandhi. Don't look for an unbiased review in the 5-star category. Read the book with an open mind and it will rapidly become clear to you that this book is superficial, self-aggrandizing, and inaccurate. Crippled America? Judging from the content of this book, if Trump is elected it may come to pass.
 I had trouble reading this book. No matter what page I was on it kept going back to Chater 11!!!
 This pessimistic book will be a wonderful addition to my Christmas yule log burning this coming holiday season. One word: horrific.
 As a self proclaimed conservative I can easily say this book was one of the most empty and redundant wastes of time I've ever endured
 i was interested in what Trump had to say. i'm as tired of career politicians as the next person, but i was left feeling like this is simply the book of someone who is privledged and is used to people listening to them BECAUSE they are privledged. i came away feeling like this book was aimed at manipulating the reader by skimming facts and spending far too much time focusing on the negative. if you unflinchingly love Trump, read this. if you are looking to decide whether he is your canidate, you'll get more out of Trump's off-the-cuff interviews. this is more of a hotel-casino on paper that an honest look at real ways to mend this country. :(
 I perused a chapter of Trump's book and that was quite enough. It doesn't take long to realize his positions are rife with fallacy that hangs on the ‘inerrancy’ of his ideas. The structure of this book is largely unconnected statements which brazenly beg belief—a belief that Mr. Trump’s business acumen means he alone knows what ails our nation, and how he would fix it. From what I see, Trump’s “leadership” means he’s found somebody to blame, which he would punish or banish from America…if we make him president. True leadership requires vision of future opportunities, humility to know when you need others, and real inner security to raise others up who have promising ideas. For all his self-confident bluster and swagger, Donald Trump sounds decidedly hollow. Donald, go back to commercial real estate, because you’re clearly out of your element as a potential leader of our country.
 Fifth grade level writing that reveals the lies and ecogmania behind the great shanm.
 He's really scraping the bottom of the ghost writer barrel. Deplorable book.
 Some pages ripped
 Crippled America, How to Make America Great Again by Donald J. Trump. A small book, 6 by 8.5 inches and 190 pages, written by small hands and designed to be held by small hands. It reminded be of the gag books with all blank pages entitled what men know about women. Little or no content whatsoever beside Trump bragging about his developer skills and how much money he has made. If Trump were to win the election and become President, it is hard to see how he would have time for the duties of President; he is so busy making money. He probably would use the air rights above the White House to build another Trump tower, perhaps Trump Tower at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, although he denies that is his intention.  I do not recommend this book. It is a waste of both time and money. The book has a 5 star rating on Amazon of 78%. How is that possible? Only if the reviewers have not read it.
 I hate Trump.
 Couldn't find a Questions section for this item listing! Why not?  My Question: Who actually wrote this. Is widely known that Mr. Trump doesn't have time or disposition to write his own books.
 No. For someone who would have made more money if he had put it in a passbook account he certainly has a lot of ideas about what the rest of should do. He's a terrible businessman who is proof that being born to enough money insulates you from failure. Tried and failed to get through this. If you are fan of his you will like it I guess. For the rest of us trying to make sense of what has been going on...we'll keep looking.
 He would be America's last president. Making more people racist won't fix problems
 Sad!
 If you have heard Trump at a rally, Interview or debate, you have read the book and Vice versa. Nothing New
 A twisted mind at best!
 Safe your money and time. Don't buy this book, and taking away the political you don't have to be a liberal or democrat to know the facts. To know you will think this book is not good at all but garbage.
 Years ago my wife and I went to a New Year party. One of the guests, who we knew, told us he had only read one book in his whole life from cover to cover and it was a book by Donald Trump. Even the host later told us how amazed he was.  That is the kind of person who reads Trump's books: those who have never read anything else.
 Like most of Donald Trump's books, it ends in Chapter 11
 This guys is a sham. His book is a complete lie. First he claims he is not beholden to the special interests, then he has his hand out to Adelson and the other billionaires on Wall Street. He isn't going to fix the middle class....he doesn't believe in higher wages or healthcare which is the only way to help the middle class. He is a 1%'er that will only line his pockets and pat himself on the back for his empty rhetoric and divisive politics. He is a power grabber and an attention seeker. Any blue collar, midwestern person that votes for this guy will rue the day....I hope he gets elected and the pitchforks come out in full force when the wall is not built, wages are lowered, no infrastructure is rebuilt, the rich get richer, the poor get poorer, more money goes offshore, and less money gets invested in our people. America is a joke, he is a joke, his rhetoric is a joke. Nothing he said will get done and the rubes in this country are being taken by a snake oil salesman. Good luck America, I truly hope you get what you are asking for....Make America Great Again!
 Stupid book. Sfory about a self riotous idiot who went crying to daddy after going bankrupt and for some reason thought he'd be a good president. Also, heavy implications that the main character is a racist, misogynist, and a xenophobe. Felt dumber after reading it.
 (...)- please be aware about the manner and speed in which proceeds are donated the charities.
 A great gift for that racist uncle you stopped inviting to Thanksgiving 8 years ago.
 The book stinks just like the writer.
 This book is filled with the usual "Trumpisms", idiotic points of view with nothing factual to back them up. America IS great, not crippled. Your thinking, Donald, is what is crippled. I cannot believe that your loyal followers have a real handle on economics, foreign policy, trade, or even simple math. Your words, similar to your stump speeches, serve only to inflame rather than to affirm what needs fixing and offer real and doable solutions or even set realistic goals. Won't all your followers really be angry if you become President and fail every single one of them as you surely will if you follow the "policies" written so offhandedly in this so-called book. Save your money folks and look elsewhere. Or read it, so you can assure yourself Donald is as ignorant and classless as he comes off on tv. Surely anyone else running for President is far superior to this buffoon! Alternatively, for a really good read about this guy and how he really works, pick up "Never Enough".by Michael D'Antonio. You will be truly enlightened AND heartsick that a person of this caliber has gotten so far into our lives.
 Trump supporters- the most devastating and destructive event to happen in our world since the beginning of the human race is occurring right now, and getting worse every second. The person you want to be president, thinks its a hoax created by the Chinese. Or when he was called out by Bernie, says that it is a way for the Chinese to make money? Whatever that means. If you care about our country like you all say you do, why are you only focusing on the next 4-8 years? Does that matter at all if all the major coastal cities are flooded by 2050? If millions are losing their lives to pollution-related illnesses? If natural disasters continue to increase in dramatic ways, killing hundreds of thousands? Every issue in the Presidential election that Trump is focusing on is trivial when compared to climate change. OPEN YOUR EYES or future generations will have to pay for your ignorance.
 At least the paper burned well in my fireplace.
 you wanna keep America great, don't elect this buffoon.
 Donald Trump is a fraud and his products should be pulled. Don't waste your money on the Trumps... they have enough. They need to learn how to live like the REST of the world.
 Terrible book. Those rating it highly are all supporters of Trump.
 Trump claimed he would donate proceeds to charity and veterans, but never did...
 This book is a shallow and unfocused self glorification diatribe. But it gives an insight into his potential actions and policies
 Literally full of propaganda. I thought I'd give his ideas a chance... But come on people. Please don't buy this and please don't vote for Trump.
 I find it difficult to believe that Trump supporters actually sit down and read books. If you did, then you would not be falling for simple, racist, bombastic, false, and dangerous rhetoric.
 A self serving puff piece by the renown egomaniac.
 This book came into my house and began yelling at everyone that it had "all the best words". It then demanded that a wall be built around itself to protect it from other books that were "not the best" and "bringing drugs and bringing crime" though "some were nice people". Later I found the book berating my cat as a 'loser' because "it didn't show confidence". I don't even want to tell you what happened when the book found a copy of the Quran on my shelves.
 Look for this book on the table of failed Trump products.  Putin has now pulled out of Syria. Sometime in the distant future, probably after the election we will learn that John Kerry had something to do with it.  Thanks to the book's excerpt, we see Trump's bloviating in all its glory. Of course the entire book will follow the same theme of, "I alone can fix this".
 As poorly written as every speech I've heard him deliver. Trump has stated, "I love the uneducated." This book is written at about a 4th grade level so probably does appeal to his followers for that reason.
 America was never great.
 I have to give this 1 star, because honestly, these reviews were clearly written by people paid by Trump to write them. Don't read this book, read ANYTHING ELSE...read the actual history of our country and the founding fathers. Do some research, this man is not a real American. He doesn't know what it's like to give blood, sweat, and tears to make this country great. He was a rich boy with a trust fund that he basically ruined...and now he wants to do that on a grander scale, with our country! What an arrogant attempt at writing. And to reiterate, just in case you didn't get it...DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!
 He is not as great as he thinks he is
 As a parent of a special needs child (who wears leg braces) and a person who believes bullies should receive consternation rather than adulation, I loathe this book and this man. His complete disrespect for absolutely everyone combined with his extreme narcissism should relegate him to a life of obscurity. Instead, he is allowed a public forum and publishing platform on which to propagate his hate-filled, power-hungry, monologues. This book should have never been published, and this man should have been laughed off the Presidential stage.
 Used this to bash Trump and get an A+ on my paper of how terrible his ideas really are and how idiotic his supporters must be. What a waste of money.
 un readable
 A horrid speaker and an awful person.
 He certainly loves himself. Not impressed by facts. Not worth reading.
 Trump dies nothing but toot his own horn. And it's not a horn that says anything great. A guy who thinks like this should never be president.
 Had to read this whole book, just awful. You can tell someone wrote this for him.
 This Chump guy wrote a book? He could not write an intelligent book if he tried and those that say other wise should learn how to read.l He never wrote a book this publication is a fraud and I dare him to prove otherwise as he is a liar and a scoundrel who warps himself in the American flag in what is nothing less than a disgrace. People like him cripple America in catering to the lowest elements of it.
 There's much fear-mongering. Fear-mongering is the most destructive force in politics. Not okay.
 Do not waste your money Trump knows nothing about politics and as a business man has not created anything to make America great again but for his own wealth.
 I, I, I, I,Me, Me, Me,Me ....... Count how many "I" and "me" in the book.  It was attempted and I (sorry) couldn't finish.
 absolutely terrible book.
 Easy to read? Of course it has to be on a third grade level so his supporters can read it. Racist, narcissistic, childish megalomaniac.
 It sucked. Obviously written by a ghost writer.
 Trump sucks. No more needs to be added.
 If you can read, then read some real books instead of this...
 I read this at barnes and noble and had a good laugh. I cannot take this guy serious anymore lol
 Garbage
 Basically fire starter.  "Zero stars"- Ron Swanson
 I have no interest in spending more time on this dross.
 what a joke.
 Stinks like trash and lies
 This book's analysis of complex and difficult issues is incredibly simplistic, which makes it easy to swallow without the need of a look at those issues complexities, which is why I suppose it may appeal to many people. Just as disturbing as the fact that it is nothing more than a rehash of his campaign sound bites are the legions of five star reviews virtually bereft of lesser ratings or any negative comments. As you all well know, no book, no movie, no kitchen appliance or electronic doo-dad gets that kind of positive response. The rave reviews bring to mind those dictatorship elections where the guy gets 94% of the vote. Really? It's so obviously fabricated and so in keeping with his snake oil tactics as to be sickening.
 Absolute joke. How to make America broke. Like all my other properties
 Ghost written and obviously not from his own agenda but that of his hired political campaign staff.
 Don't waste your time on this rubbish. Full of nonsense and lies.
 I have to be honest; I have not read the book. I believe that every man has the right to be heard but surely I know something: I have a limited time in my life and I don't want to waste it reading a book from a racist egomaniac. I am not a US Citizen but I respect profoundly that country and I love the principles on which the United States has been founded and I think that this man does not represent them. There are a lot of great books to read during our lifespan which can educate us and make of us better persons and better citizens. We need more love than hatred. We need more compassion.
 Awful book. Waste of paper
 Come on now. You're a Donald Trump fan, you don't know how to read.
 The US: From Obama's Extreme Left to Trump's Nazism  Trump’s German roots Kallstadt’s king How the German heritage he has HIDDEN, shaped Donald Trump Until 1990, Donald Trump claimed Swedish heritage, even though his family traces its roots to Kallstadt, a small town in southwest Germany. “Trump is related to Hit@r on his paternal grandmother's side,” said Charles Perry, director of the National Genealogical Society, which released the study. “She lived in Bavaria and married Ad@ph Hit@r's grand uncle from Austria-Hungary, Johann Schicklgruber.”  Donald Trump’s dilatory enthusiasm for his German heritage—in 1999, he was the grand marshal of the German-American Steuben Parade in New York  Donald Trump Perfectly Mirrors Hit@r's Rise To Power, With Donald Trump, the Na@is Seek to Finally Conquer America  Recently, Trump has started asking voters to raise their right hand and pledge to support him -- creating an image that some have argued evokes the rise of AH, particularly when coupled with his sharp rhetoric toward minority groups like Mexicans and Muslims.  “Trump is related to AH on his paternal grandmother's side,” said Charles Perry, director of the National Genealogical Society, which released the study. “She lived in Bavaria and married AH's grand uncle from Austria-Hungary, Johann Schicklgruber.” Ivana Trump told her lawyer Michael Kennedy that from time to time her husband reads a book of AH's collected speeches, My New Order, which he keeps in a cabinet by his bed ... AH's speeches.  Bill Maher translated one of AH's speeches and it tells us a lot about where Trump is getting his ideas... ''Germany does not win anymore…Low Energy…''  John Boehner, Trump's friend is also of German origin. Ted Cruz Ties John Boehner to Donald Trump in Harsh Rebuke. John Boehner criticizes Ted Cruz to support Trump.  Trump has had trouble handling questions about David Duke, ever since Duke said on his radio show Feb. 24 that “voting against Donald Trump at this point is really treason to your heritage.”  Charles Koch calls Trump's Muslim registry plan 'reminiscent of N@i Germany'  People have always wondered how Germans let themselves be mislead by Hitler, but Americans need wonder no longer: we are seeing it for ourselves in the response to Donald Trump.
 AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT! Buy this book to use pages for stuffing in parcels with breakable you may need to mail. But I just use the free junk mail I get daily.  Reading this book may cause brain damage.
 He didn't write this...it's clear, i borrowed it from a friend, we both found it to be the most boring, whiny and delusional crap we've ever encountered.
 How to make a America great.....by being a rank FASCIST...Mussolini with a bad combover...
 Mr. Trump does not know anything about running a country. All he knows how to do is bankrupt companies and start fake universities that cheated people out of thousands of dollars. We need a president like Ted Cruz who knows the Constitution and is a proven conservative who can get us out of the hole we are in!
 Terrible book!!!!
 Bad pick up, After reading 3 chapters in and into this book and I hate Mexicans and Muslims.I just joined the kkk today. Stay far away from this
 Eww
 Awful, poorly written, same narcisstic blundering as you see on tv.
 If you ate more fiber, Donald J Trump, perhaps you wouldn't look so digestively uncomfortable on your own book cover. And perhaps you wouldn't hate Black, Hispanic, Mexican, Muslim, Poor, Handicapped and all the other people who aren't Racist White People. The sort of Racist White People who buy your book.
 -----  Get the Kindle version. It's cheap, like Trump.  -----
 Terrrible
 Worst book I've ever read in my life, so biased, I swear and it even came with a golden strand from the guys toupe
 Bought as a gag gift.
 I can't. I have no words for this man who has aspirations to be President. He may have been a decent business man, but clearly lacks the common sense, political suave and well-educated diplomatic abilities to be leader of the free world. The book is just another in a long line of lackluster attempts for Trump to tell others why his approach is so much better than anyone else to business.  There are a lot of "what we need to do" comments, but no real content or explanation of approach for "how to do so." So if you need some light or comical reading this may be a good choice. Otherwise, check out a book with some REAL content and insight to the world and country, "Hard Choices" by future Madam President, Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton.
 American facist
 HATE FILLED BOOK WITH DICTATORSHIP SUBLIMINAL MESSAGES....A HANDBOOK TO FEAR AND HOW TO SELL A BOOK OF LIES.I DONT LIKE THIS BOOK.IM NOT SURE WHY SO MANY GOOD REVIEWS.IM CONFUSED. 0 STARS
 Crippled America: How To Make America Hate Again. You should change your book title
 Why would anyone read a book by this disgusting racist?
 Very disappointed in you Amazon! Please stop carrying Trump,s messages of hate. It isn't good for our country. He is un American!
 The 21st century Mein Kamp.
 Dont read. Trump is definitely an american traitor. Dont tread on my flag scumbag.
 I fell asleep on this book and woke up hating freedom of religion. Very interesting...
 Personally this is a waste of money America is not crippled the only part where America messed up was letting trump run for president
 I wonder why we cannot see the Table of Contents - like almost every other book on Amazon.  I strongly believe that most of the reviews here are "synthetic", for want of a better word, just like his "Rent-a-Crowd" tactics.  I quite enjoyed "The Art of the Deal", but Mr. Trump should stick to what he knows best - real estate and conning people. He has neither the temperament nor the depth of character to be the president of this, or any other nation.
 Wow a book that was published a couple days ago already has 100+ reviews of people supposedly having read it already... Doubtful  Second all these positive reviews are obviously hired reviews. Donald trump knows how to manipulate the listing. Good for him.  Lastly, if you notice, almost all the negative reviews have people voting that the review wasn't helpful. I have seen first hand groups you can pay to do this.  Bet you will see the same thing for my review...
 Thanks but NO THANKS!!! There is only one man that can make America Great Again and that is TED CRUZ!!! Trump would even further cripple America!!!
 Nothing from the empty mind of the windbag trump. All just hired words. Like all his other books. Makes me wonder if he can ever read or write anything.
 Based on the expression of the cover model, I assumed this book would tell the life story of a Sam the Eagle impersonator. Was disappointed to find no mention at all of my beloved Sam. Misleading and honestly rude. 0/10
 U suck. Hillary world have won the election. She won by the famous votes and you r racist and should not be president.
 I was given this as a gift and decided to read it....I doubt I will read anything else he has written.
 ya nasty
 Just a rehash of every nonsensical thing he says at his "huge" rallies. The only thing huge about Donald Trump is his ego.
 incredibly simple minded
 This book reads like it was written by a third grader... [...]
 Terrible.
 I bought this book thinking that it was, obviously, about a man struggling with bowel movements that were crippling to his quality of life. What else could be discerned from the cover. It turns out it's a book of nonsense by a rich moron running for president just so he can sell books. F- Would not read again.
 I have one and only one comment. Why did Donald Trump and his publishers name his book, "Crippled America"? Because people who really are physically crippled--either in wheelchairs or those using walking aids--generally will think that title is beyond the pale. I really hate the title.
 Hell would freeze over before I'd ever buy this book.
