 I wrote a previous review about this book where I praised some things and castigated others, notably Trump's opposition to Israel.  I believe I was misunderstanding Trump. First and foremost, Donald Trump is a nationalist. It is very telling that he flew to Britain and praised Brexit, which itself was a stunning moment of nationalism. My eyes were therefore opened, and I considered viewing Trump through an admirable nationalist lens, and finally his policies become evident. We need nationalism, all of our nations around the world. Simply put, in Donald Trump I see a force for nationalism who will stand up to the Fed, to the world, to the political establishment, to the progressives, and everyone who quite frankly deserves to be pissed off and given the finger to.  I agree with Donald Trump. I agree with the simple, forceful, politically-incorrect things that come out of his mouth. I'm sick and tired of these smug globalists, so certain of their superiority with their Ivy League opinions, who care nothing at all for the history, culture, or spirit of nations, and to whom the entire world is just some game to toy around with the latest fad ideology. At his core, Donald Trump is a nationalist who is going to stand up to America's oppressors and do what he feels best in order to make our country great again.  And you know what, I believe in him. Sometimes a nationalistic revolution is necessary before a nation can return to an era of glory. At the end of the day, I think Trump's revolution can take us there.  And, honestly, I just can't wait to drink those liberal tears.
 Love him or hate him this book peers into the mind of Trump. His accomplishments and media savvy have brought him international recognition and he is unquestionably a one man phenomenon. In a presidential year, if we limit our understanding of him to the caricature created by the media, with Trump's symbiotic cooperation, we are seeing the mogul use the media to create his brand. This is a one dimensional view of the man and as voters, we logically seek to get past the veneer of the public personna. Wisdom requires this of us if we want a more comprehensive insight into who he is and what intellectual and character assets (or liabilities) he would bring to the Oval Office. In my opinion his many books, written over a period of decades contribute to the depth of our understanding. Dig deeper into his personna through the portal his writing provides. Obviously it's his perspective and is insufficient on its own, but to ignore his own written word seems obtuse. I recommend you read this before you vote.
 I've never commented on or left reviews for Amazon books previously-mostly because there are very few books which merit review-but this is a rare gem. It's an absolutely brilliant, no-nonsense look at some of the major problems facing the country today. This book comes to life with Trump's characteristic "tell-it-like-it-is" attitude and his clear focus on illustrating how to solve important issues logically instead of resorting to fear, anger, or timidity. Is the style/tone a bit bombastic from time to time? Absolutely. However, it adds fire and vigor to the topics at hand, both of which are crucial ingredients in ensuring that all voters understand the significance of the points which are made. While Trump doesn't focus on his failures, there's quite honestly no need to: Every major media outlet (with the exception of a few such as Breitbart) despises the man due to their fear and insecurity about the people electing a President who isn't a puppet and they regularly exaggerate his shortcomings.  A must-read. Apart from the book itself, on a more socially minded note, electing Trump may be the single most important decision the American people make this decade. He's self-funded (doesn't beg from anyone), speaks his mind with clarity, genuinely wants to help, and has a track record of massive business success, something which none of the other career politicians on stage have.  It's time.
 Trump is as arrogant in print as on TV
 Trump's blueprint for America is certainly on the right track and there are specifics laid out here. America is facing some very serious problems. We need a tough leader who isn't a puppet for the special interest groups. Trump is using donors, as well as his own money to fund his campaign. Of course this does not sit well with the lobbyists and special interest groups looking to own the next President. The Washington Times reports the total debt stood at $10.6 when the president came into office and will hit $20 trillion as his term ends in 2017. And that number is going to go higher since the caps on spending, known as "sequestration," have been abandoned. So, with CLOSE to 20 trillion dollars in debt, it seems wise to have a strong business leader making the tough financial decisions for America. His views on trade are also right on the mark. America has made some really bad deals and Trump seems to know how to reverse that trend. Many are trying to label him a racist who is anti Muslim and anti Latino. Really? He wants to build a wall so people can come in legally. Heroin is a big problem in this country and it's flowing across the border taking the lives of countless Americans. Because of our huge debt, we cannot afford to keep letting everyone in. We can't pay for them and there's just not enough jobs. And when some commit crimes and kill innocent Americans (Google the stats) we deport them, only for them to return and do it again. We are going broke folks, we need to get our house in order and charity should begin at home! Since when is securing our borders racism? Those who think so should try crossing into Mexico illegally and see where that gets you. Securing our borders is protecting our lives and our economy. Our national security is at risk. Advisers are telling our President that we do not have the man power or means to vet the thousands of refugees flowing into our country. Some might be terrorists. Trump wants a temporary ban on Mulims coming into the country until they can be properly vetted. This is for OUR protection. Somehow this is racism? What happens if we have another 9-11? What if terrorists come in through our broken borders? Those calling Trump a racist now will be re-thinking things if something terrible were to happen because we let everyone in without properly vetting them.  Trump has the energy and passion for our country to get the job done and shake things up. He has a plan to create jobs and bring back jobs that were lost. Won't that benefit everyone? He wants to put together a team of highly skilled people to help accomplish his goals. He seems passionate about trying to fix what's broken, so why not give him the chance to do so? We certainly are not better off than we were 7 or more years ago. Continuing in the direction we are currently heading isn't a wise decision. We need real change, not more broken promises from the politicians who promise the world and don't deliver. Remember folks, nothing is for free along the way and if we don't tackle that huge deficit and secure our borders, we are in for a mighty fall. Full disclosure: for those who might think this review is based on political bias, I'm actually a registered Democrat who considers himself an independent thinker. I'm one of those Democrats Trump talks about bringing over.
 Now I've got to be honest. This is my first review of any product online, and my fist time reading any book, let alone a political book since I graduated high school three years ago. I hate books, and I hate politics. But I owed myself, because I love Trump. I never thought in a million years someone would open my eyes to the world of politics, and make me actually understand what is actually happening to our country. I was completely blind to the fact that our country is in such dire shape prior to Trumps announcement that he is running for president, and oh is he running.  Since his announcement, I have been following his every move. Everyday I get online and search for anything, and everything Trump. Things such as videos of him speaking on the campaign trail, policy proposals on the VA, tax plans, and of course the debates. Oh how I love to watch him put politicians, and more recently moderators in their place, yes I'm talking to you MSNBC. You can't Stump the Trump, he is on a whole other level when it comes to these talking heads. He can't be bought, if you insult him he will K.O. you, and the liberal media can't stand him. There's a famous quote by Mahatma Gandhi “First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” This pretty much sums up the Media vs. Trump scenario we have been seeing for the past four months. But I digress.  Donald Trump has charged the public with a vast amount of anger and, disgust with how our government is run. We have been taken advantage of by the incapable politicians in Washington long enough, and I believe a vast amount of people are just fed up. We need a true leader not bought and paid for by special interests, and one that will not only stand up for himself/herself, but stand up for the people as well.  Many of the stuff written in the book will be very familiar to someone that has been following Trump since the beginning. But for someone who is skeptical, or unsure about Trump and his billionaire persona based on what they hear in the media. I urge you, do yourself a favor and read the book and form your own opinion from the man himself. He may be rich, and bombastic, but he truly has good intentions, and aspirations for the country.
 "It is comfy." - Guy the cat review image
 Donald Trump isn't new to book publishing. I became a fan way back in the day with "The Art of The Deal" with his no-nonsense tell it like it is business advice. In "Crippled America" the Donald, now the GOP front runner for President of the United States holds nothing back in his usual bombastic manner which, to some, is off putting and annoying.  I do not really believe that America is "crippled" but I am tired of business as usual politics and in this book, we get basically a pep rally without an actual game. There are no definitive solutions in these pages but many themes of discontent which are clearly shared by many Americans also tired of usual Washington Politics.  Donald Trump if nothing else is authentic almost to a fault. He is dynamic, charismatic and has a long and distinguished business record. He says things many feel but wouldn't dare say and for that, he and this book are a triumph.
 The first few chapters are written at a sixth grade level. After that it gets better. I liked most of the positions that Mr Trump espouses, especially when they come from his pen, as opposed to what you hear from the sound byte media. I disagree with his take on global warming, but I also disagree with those that would have us do away with all cars and electricity. My main critique of this book is that he's running for president, a position that has limited powers that are held in check by both the legislative and judicial branches. His approaches seem better suited to an emperor than an executive.
 Trump sells and tells his vision for America in his latest book "Crippled America." Bottom line it is a book about how Trump will "Make America Great Again." The book includes his latest certified financial statement plus loads more about his claim to fame. It is easy to read like all of Trumps books. You will know where he stands on the issues after reading "Crippled America." Vintage Trump. A home run for Trump and America.
 A review of what Trump be leaves needs to be done in this country. A must read for people who want to know Trump without the lies of the press. It gives me hope that we can have a leader that can get something in the best interest for Americans done.
 Bought the book. Haven't read a book in years. Loved his "to the point" as he didn't try to coddle or speak to the reader like a preschooler. He is down to earth and is very in touch with the middle class. When I first heard of him running, I laughed and even told friends who were talking about it that he was just playing games. All it took was his first speech that I heard and I truly realized that everything he talks about are the very things that I want in my next President. And one of the most important things is that he isn't being bought and that he is running for the average American and not special groups. He doesn't have 29 handlers and 43 speech writers. He is who he is and what you see is what you get - that's gotta be the best trait I've seen in a politician in decades. I am now a daily follower of his rallies and news clips. Like many whom I've read comments from, I follow him with enormous interest and I look forward to the time that we can truly make our country great again.
 All the reasons Trump should be president in one easy to read place.  If I could get free copies I would hand them out.
 I just started reading this and it is a great book already and I'm glad you are donating the proceeds to charity!
 This book summarises Trump's vision for America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 Trade agreements should be the most important topic in the presidential election.  Trump has talked about our terrible trade agreements more than all the rest of the presidential candidates combined.  Our trade agreements force American workers to compete with foreign workers, sending jobs out of the country, sending money out of the country, and causing American companies to pay foreign taxes instead of American taxes.  These trade agreements are the primary cause of China's economic advance and America's economic decline.  The disastrous consequences of our trade agreements are being postponed by massive borrowing. Our country is like a corporation with ever increasing losses, but kept from bankruptcy by ever increasing borrowing.  If we don't fix the trade agreement problems, the economy will collapse.  If the American economy collapses, everything else collapses.  In July, 1993, the NAFTA promoters and the Congressional Budget Office promised that NAFTA will have beneficial effects on the United States balance of trade with Mexico.  In 1993, we had a surplus of $1.7B with Mexico. NAFTA went into effect on January 1, 1994. By 2014, we had a trade deficit of $53.8B with Mexico.  NAFTA is similar to our other existing trade agreements and proposed new ones. If we continue our existing trade agreements, even without adding new ones, the result will be a disaster.  Six hundred lobbyists representing large corporations have lobbied our Congress to pass the latest trade agreement, Trans-Pacific Partnership ("TPP").  The corporate lobbyists claim that the trade agreements are free trade agreements, but they are the opposite. Free trade means a lack of regulation. The existing and proposed new trade agreements contain thousands of pages of legislation. They have something for the various corporations who wrote thousands of pages of the trade agreement and lobbied Congress to pass it.  These large corporations have given hundreds of millions of dollars to influence Congress. They have kept the content of the TPP secret. Even Congress is not allowed to have a copy of the agreement.  The TPP transfers powers of Congress and the US courts to an entity created by and controlled by the lobbyists and their clients. If a corporation doesn't like American laws, it can sue the US government on the theory that, in the future, US laws may interfere with their profits.  This dispute can then be settled by corporate lawyers who are permitted to have conflicts of interest. They can act as judges one day and lawyers for corporations, that are suing the government, the next day.  Under one trade agreement, similar to TPP, Philip Morris is suing the government of Australia. Their claim is that Australia's anti-smoking campaign may interfere with their future corporate profits.  They say that Australia should change its laws or be prepared to pay billions of dollars to Phillip Morris.  Australia's anti-smoking laws probably do interfere with Philip Morris' profits, but they wouldn't be able to make this claim without the trade agreement. Why should Philip Morris' profits be more important than the health of millions of people?  Under American law, possible future damages are considered speculative and cannot be awarded.  In the Gettysburg Address, Abraham Lincoln emphasized the importance of government of the people, by the people, and for the people.  The Gettysburg Address ends as follows, "It is for us the living rather to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us--that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion--that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain, that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth."  Corporations should obey the laws. Under the TPP, corporations don't have to obey laws that interfere with their profits.  The trade agreements provide for government of the big corporations, by the big corporations, and for the big corporations.  (...)  Trump's solution, negotiate better trade deals would help.  But there's a better solution.  Withdraw from all trade agreements and enact the Warren Buffett Import Certificate Plan.  The Warren Buffett Import Certificate Plan guarantees balanced trade.  Under this plan, every exporter will receive $1 worth of import certificates for every $1 of goods they export.  Every importer will be required to have $1 worth of import certificates for every $1 of goods they import.  Exporters can use the import certificates or sell them, in the free market, to importers.  Under this plan, the dollar amount of imports cannot be greater than the dollar amount of exports.  As a result, we will no longer import more than we export.  American corporations will stop moving their factories out of the country. Jobs will increase. Wages will increase. (...)  Since Donald Trump is the only candidate making our trade agreements an important campaign issue, that, by itself, is enough reason for him to be our next President.
 Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again What a great book. Mark Levin wrote the brilliant Plunder and Deceit - a great book about current issues well documented and scholarly. Ted Cruz wrote A Time for Truth, a biography with his views on issues, also a great book.. Now Donald Trump wrote about the issues in a way everyone can understand his principle beliefs. It is a 'gut' book, written as he speaks, written as we think and want to hear things. It is a book that everyone can enjoy and understand. Who ever thought a book on political issues book would be a page-turner that is hard to stop reading;
 WOW! Just Wow! What an incredible book! This is a must read and should be required reading in all colleges! I'm a 32 year old male ,Hispanic Democrat, who was leaning toward voting for Trump because I already knew about his great success. It's a fact: Anything Trump touches turns to gold! Imagine if he could do the same for America! After reading this book I'm 100% convinced Mr.Trump is what this country desperately needs. We cant have anymore dynasties with the Bush and Clinton Families. We need great change and we need it from an American who answers to no one except the American people! No more corrupt career politicians bought and paid for by Lobbyist, special interest groups and Super Pacs! I'm officially going to switch and register as a Republican and I will do my duty as an American citizen and vote for Mr.Trump. I want America to be Great Again and you will too after you finish reading this book. Enjoy.
 I bought the book to find out more about Donald Trumps specific positions on the issues. The book does this ok for most part. He goes into depth, for instance, about tax policy . Other issues are kinda glossed over. I recommend this book, as a "get to know ya" kinda book. Easy to read, flows nicely, good primer on Trump and what he thinks about politics, media, and his vision of America. You will even learn a few surprises about Trumps life.
 This man will run out government like an efficient business. Imagine a country where government is actually shrunk and tax money is used correctly? Or we could keep electing career politicians who use our money for political deals and corruption.
 Donald explains why he has taken the stance that he as when it comes to today's national problems. It not just ranting and raving, like the media wants you to believe. There is really a basis for his positions and if they are not addressed quickly America will not be the same country that I grew up in. It seems that getting something that you haven't worked for will be the norm of the future. The laws of this once great country mean nothing to politically elite. Come up with any kind of excuse and it's okay. Where have we gone so wrong? review image
 Although the book does not detail everything Trump is likely to do if he was elected president it does give a good look at healthcare, taxes and a few other details. What more important is it offers some perspective on the soul of a man running for president. It is an easy read and for those who love America and want it to be great again it is a good one.
 Awesome book and perfect antidote for the "Trump has no specifics" lie. Trump, if anything, is the ultimate pragmatist, he wants results and uses common sense to D.C.'s troubles. Subjects covered include taxes, education, immigration, foreign policy, military, veterans, trade, jobs and much more. The solutions presented are not ideological, but really common sense that seems to evade D.C. and the press. What impressed me most is how Trump comes across: Honest, really loves America and wants to genuinely fix the broken system. And with his extensive success in the business world, I believe he can.
 If you want a detailed book on Mr. Trumps life and platform, this is not it. Its just a quick introduction to his political views. I would have liked to read more about his early life with his father. As a young man he went with his father to collect rents, and his father told him to stand to the side of the door to avoid bullets. I wish there were more stories like that, maybe someday when he writes his memoirs after he leaves the White House.
 Whether you are interested in politics or not, this is definitely a great read. Its almost a basic outline of what Trump wants to do to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! You don't have to be too knowledgeable about politics because he makes everything easy to understand while still getting his point across.
 To start off I found this book to be a great read! For anybody that chose to leave a one star review just because they have a problem with Trump is being as ignorant as they see him to be. In all honesty if a non Trump supporter took the time to not be so stubborn and read this book they could actually grow to realize the real problems we are facing. I loved this book and found myself liking the idea of Trump being our president more and more with each chapter I read. I laughed at some parts in the book because of how right he was! He is a great man and anybody basing their opinion on him from social media or any news source should try reading this. Everyone is entitled to there own opinion and if they still don't like him after reading this that's fine. Knowing that someone actually took the time to read this and get a real opinion is better than some ignorant person going on the Internet and bashing Trump because they have nothing better to do. Trump 2016
 I have yet to read the book, but included in my order was a hand written note that stated "you are truly idiotio for purchasing this book F*** you". Apparently, I got the bonus copy! To the person who wrote this note- your time is coming and thanks for the encouragement! I will be sure to fight for what is right even harder now!  I contacted Amazon and reported the issue. Realistically, nothing likely can be proved.
 I bought this book because I believe what Trump stands for. Its an excellent book. Trump is a success at everything he does. He built an empire worth billions and employed thousands of people over the years. I hope he wins the Presidency and fixes this country. He's got my vote! review image
 I purchased this book because I wanted to learn more about Trump, and what his plans are to make America great again. He wrote the book himself. He lays out his plans clearly and in an easy to read format. I learned every thing I was looking for. If you want to learn more about Donald Trump and his plans to make America great again, I highly recommend this book to you.
 Crippled America is a fascinating detailed account of Donald Trump’s plans for restoring America to greatness. Trump is running for president because of his concerns about the downhill slide of the United States in the areas of manufacturing, foreign relations, health care, the tax code, the educational system, illegal immigration and more. He points out that our military must be built up and that this will provide jobs for our people making equipment, airplanes, etc. Also we must return many jobs in foreign countries back to the United States. He will do this via changes in the business taxes and ending loop holes for off shore accounts.  Woven throughout the book are Trumps ideas for taking action and changing things. He believes the federal government should not be telling local schools how to educate our children. He says the gridlock we have in our government must end and the government must protect us and our freedoms as the Constitution states.  Trump is not without experience by any means. He has extensive business and construction experience working with a variety of people to satisfy building codes and other red tape and build the many buildings and golf courses and businesses that he has. This may make for a better president than someone whose experience is only in politics. He is brash, forceful and determined. Though he has stepped on toes and seems arrogant, he also is honest and a perfectionist. After reading his books I think he knows how to get things done and has the best interests of our country at heart.  I am impressed by the fact that Trump’s father mentored him on his own construction work and taught him to be meticulous about everything – checking every detail, aiming for perfection, and keeping his word. Trump is a graduate of the Wharton School of Finance. He does not smoke or drink and never has. He is a life long Presbyterian and wonders about the silencing of Christians occurring in our culture. He will promote freedom of speech for all views. If you aren’t certain about voting for Trump, read this book.
 After watching Donald Trump as various meeting across and reading his new book :Crippled American" I am convenced that Mr. Trump should be the next President of the US. In his book he lays out our problems and his solutions. I certainly don't want a lier, cheat and possible murderer like Hillary Clinton as our next President. We need a person who knows what our problems are and how to solve them. If I could I would give 10 stars to Mr.Trumps book. review image
 I found Donald Trumps's book held my interest. Many of the things he writes about makes sense. I believe if he is elected president he will take qualified people to run his administration. In addition, I believe Donald Trump has love for America and wants to make the U.S. strong again.
 Simple to read... Brilliant man the way he thinks his lifetime experiences and Real world negotiations will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. I love it when he says "I'm a fighter. Knock me down, and I come back even stronger. I love it!" Nobody Nobody tells it like it is like this man, and I believe nobody is out for the greater good of the American people than this man. review image
 This is the clearest statement of his position I have found on the many topics vital to me in this presidential election. Changed me from a "weak best pick of those remaining" supporter to a real Trump supporter which happened after the reading. There are a lot of things about Trump that bother me, but none seem to be based on the things that matter to me and are based on his style rather than substance.
 In Crippled America: How To Make America Great Again presidential candidate and businessman Donald Trump outlines his plans to make America start winning again. He describes the numerous problems plaguing America right now such as illegal immigration, weak economic growth, skyrocketing health care costs, lack of respect from foreign powers, and crumbling infrastructure. Some of his proposals to end these problems include the following: undoing birthright citizenship, curbing illegal immigration by building a wall on the southern border, building our military so strong that we will not need to use it, ending the death tax, rebuilding infrastructure (and create jobs in the process), repealing/replacing Obamacare, and undoing the Iran nuclear agreement. Trump also points out that the way to maintain social programs such as social security and medicare is to grow the economy.  A side narrative to the book that I found useful was leadership and business advice. Some of this advice is as follows: people will follow an inspirational leader; be smarter than the competition; be honest and straightforward; competition makes you stronger because it forces you to work harder and do more; when negotiating, be flexible (but hold your ground on the major principles) but find room for compromise that can bring people together; stand behind your word, and make sure your word stands up; do not be afraid to walk away from a bad deal. At just under 200 pages this book is easily read in a few days. In sum, Crippled America is both a concise outline of how Donald Trump proposes to solve the major problems facing America and a great book on leadership.
 A great perspective on the real Trump; what he believes and what he will accomplish as President of the United States. Because I've read The Art Of The Deal and others of his books, as well as studied all of his campaign speeches, I found some of the material redundant. But to the book's credit, the repeated information is far more detailed and comprehensive.
 Trump has run a great campaign which is pro-Americans. This is putting down the ENTIRE establishment who are benefiting from the current state of affairs. Just in the last week there has been an wide effort to discredit Trump with lies and innuendo. Hope Americans can see through it all.
 The greatest book I have ever read.
 Trump writes in a clear, easy to understand manner, making this an easy read and a good guide to his political philosopy. Highly recommended for Trump fans and interested voters.
 I recently read this book and have recommended it to many people. If anybody has doubts about Donald J. Trump as President of the United States, they should read this book. Mr. Trump isn't just blowing smoke when he speaks at his rallys. Each chapter of Crippled America covers an issue being faced by the United States. If Mr. Trump has a solid solution for the problem, he tells the reader what it is. If he isn't 100% sure about the solution, he writes what he thinks and admits he will need to discuss the issue with specialists in that area.  For those that keep begging for Mr. Trump's income taxes, look in the back of Crippled America. The book includes a summary of Mr. Trump's net worth as of June 2014. There is also a list of property owned by Donald J. Trump.
 I think we can all agree that America is, at best, an empire in decline.  Trump may intend to destroy America. He may intend to save it. There is no way to know.  Hillary intends to strip mine the country of every last shred of wealth, and pump it into her friends' pockets.  Choose accordingly.
 From bringing home jobs that have been sent overseas, to providing our military the prompt and proper medical attention they deserve, to simplifying the taxation system by reducing taxes for the middle class and closing loopholes for the rich, to rebuilding America's crumbling infrastructure, to reducing government waste and spending, to stopping illegal immigration, Donald Trump's book outlines a plan for making America a country we can be proud of again.
 A year ago, when Donald Trump announced his candidacy, very few people gave him a chance. Many thought he was simply seeking publicity. After a few months of primary elections, a Trump nomination seemed inevitable. Now he's neck and neck in the polls with Hillary. If you haven't been following his campaign, and wonder where he stands on key issues, pick up Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again.  Trump is the Republican nominee, and has been criticized by many for not being Republican enough or not being conservative enough. But if you read Crippled America, you'll see that for the most part, Republicans and conservatives will be comfortable with Trump's positions. He is more stringent on immigration than some Republicans, but many, many more Americans are on board with Trump. On health care, he calls for a complete repeal of Obamacare, which most conservatives love. However, I'm not sure how his health care solutions will sit with conservatives.  The big question is, no matter how good Trump's ideas are, can he get anything passed? I'd seriously like to see him try. While he's mostly conservative in his views, his positions in Crippled America are better described as common sense populism. Trump is a guy who has gotten things done in business. Now he's identifying problems in the U.S. and he's ready to offer solutions.  Is Trump a perfect candidate? Clearly not. He has lots of baggage, and has said some dumb things. There are several Republican candidates I would rather have seen as the nominee. I will admit that I would vote for just about anyone rather than Hillary. But Crippled America encouraged me; there were many points at which I was nodding along with him. I hope Republicans and other conservative voters will get past their offense at Trump's (unfortunately numerous) offensive remarks and pay attention to his positions. A Hillary presidency wouldn't be the end of the world, but I dread the way she'll expand the government and I dread her Supreme Court appointments. I can certainly live with a Trump presidency over another Clinton presidency.
 I didn't know anything about Donald Trump when I bought this book except that he was a real estate mogul and a very rich man. Anyone who thinks you know Trump should probably read this since you'll never hear it from the news media. I see him a little less brash after reading this because you do get a good understanding of how he's worked through many obstacles. I was especially surprised to read that his father only gave him $1 million dollars which he paid back with interest after he started making money. He does have some great ideas and since you won't hear it from the news organizations, this is a good place to find out.
 Love it! Trump2016 All the way to the White House!!
 Donald Trump's book, Crippled America, gives us a lot of insight about who Donald Trump is and why he should be the next President of the United States. Even though Mr. Trump is incredibly wealthy, he writes with empathy, emotion and surprisingly inciteful knowledge of the issues which are causing our country to fall behind other countries. He shows us that he is running for President not in order to enhance his self image but rather to help a country in which he strongly believes. He doesn't mince his words, but he tells things the way they are, even if some of his ideas might be controversial or unpopular. I believe that Donald Trump is capable of making America great again. He certainly proved himself in all his business endeavors. Some people believe he started out rich, but he didn't. His father didn't give him a whole lot of money, and his father was strict with him and wanted Donald to prove that he had what it takes. Not only did he prove that but he became incredibly wealthy through his own ingenuity and efforts. He isn't taking money from anyone and he won't pander to special interest groups should he become the next President. This book convinced me that he has what it takes to become the next President, and I hope he will win the election.
 Amazing book by Donald Trump. Gives his exact opinions on issues without having constant interruption by the media who turns Trumps words around to be negative against him. I would recommend this book to anyone who would like to learn more about the real Donald Trump as a candidate, not how other people view him. review image
 If you read his early books you will see a consistent theme. Qualiy, quality, quality.
 This is a detailed point, by point, by point explanation of Donald's plan for America, and it is OUTSTANDING. It's a little more than a four hour read ---- and it is well worth the time. review image
 So, I finished Donald Trump's book last night, Crippled America.  I read it because I saw recommendations for it to understand the guy, and I'm truly perplexed at why some smart people I know think he is the man for the presidency.  After reading it, I will say this...  If the man in that book is truly the man running, then he might not be as bad as he seems. In fact, he could be a great President.  But, I do still have my doubts...  For one, I don't think he really wrote that book. I think he had a ghost writer do most of it, and it was compiled from various campaign speeches, a few phone calls, etc. Now, I don't blame him for that. He's clearly a very busy man. And ghost writing is common for celebrities. But, it does make me wonder if the book is more of a PR piece than a real look at the man himself.  Secondly, I've seen/heard him say things in public that are contrary to this book. Which do you believe? I think this guy suffers from "foot in mouth" disease. He bloviates endlessly and ends up saying stuff before he even thinks about it. And he adds enormous fuel to the fire for people like me who don't feel like he can be believed. In the book, he'll say stuff like "The free market works—it just needs leadership, not dictatorship. Our government needs to employ a strong adherence to the Constitution" GREAT. But, then he'll get behind the podium and spew off-the-cuff remarks that clearly show the guy does NOT necessarily believe in an adherence to the Constitution.  So, this book doesn't change my mind on him. But, it does give me some hope that perhaps he won't be a total nightmare if he manages to get elected. I dunno.  My beef with Trump is primarily in how he conducts himself. He acts like a man-child. He's divisive. He name-calls. He shows he's willing to say or do anything to get his way and it is not based on any kind of principle except that of "win at any cost". I think a guy like that would be dangerous in the White House if that is truly his main MO. Now, if all this is just a PR thing and he's playing the media... well... OK. I guess.  He said: "I use the media the way the media uses me—to attract attention. Once I have that attention, it’s up to me to use it to my advantage. I learned a long time ago that if you’re not afraid to be outspoken, the media will write about you or beg you to come on their shows. If you do things a little differently, if you say outrageous things and fight back, they love you. So sometimes I make outrageous comments and give them what they want—viewers and readers—in order to make a point. I’m a businessman with a brand to sell. When was the last time you saw a sign hanging outside a pizzeria claiming “The fourth best pizza in the world”?! But now I am using those talents, honed through years of tremendous success, to inspire people to think that our country can get better and be great again and that we can turn things around."  He's the rub...  I don't think that's what he's inspiring.  If the guy on TV could act like the guy in this book, I'd be less concerned. But, good book. Check it out if you want to try to figure this guy out.
 I wanted to learn more about this man running for president. He's much more layered than five minutes on TV. When you understand where he's coming from, it all makes sense. It's not a long, boring book either.
 First 2 reasons to buy this book: If you are undecided about Trump, or simply want to draw your own comparison between what Trump is saying vs. what media types say he is saying, buy and read this book. The difference between the former and latter varies from mild, to shocking when understanding how Trump's spoken and written words have been so convoluted and twisted when reported; it's no wonder it seems that media popularity is about the same as congress, and lower than that of a used car salesperson.  3rd reason to buy this book; you have already read other books by Trump, and you simply want more Trump... You will not be disappointed with this book, it is written in classic Trump style. Trump continues to say what he means straight from his heart, without sugar coating or any hint of uncertainty.  I bought this book for reason 3 above, plus I wanted to check/compare what Trump says at rallies and interviews with his written words. So, what I have found checking out Trump both in his writing, (and interviews going back to the 1980's) is that Trump has been, and remains in love with America. From what I have discovered about "Trump Thought" on America, it's remained consistent over a span of nearly 30 years. I find in "Crippled America" pretty much the same thing Trump has been saying all along... Boiled down into two words: "America First" and that's exactly Trump's message in "Crippled America".  So as one would expect, this love of America comes through loud and clear in his latest book; All Trump really seems to care about is America, it's citizens, and it's Winning. It's like there is no 2nd place with this guy. America, her people, and winning are all that matter to Trump. The thought occurred to me while reading "Crippled America" that Trump is putting it all on the line with his presidential run, his time, money, his company, and his reputation. This man is Betting It All that "We" Americans can Make America Great Again. Trump so much puts his faith in us, to the point that Trump don't really win until America is winning again. Anything short of reaching these goals, and Trump would be the first to say he's a loser, but he won't have to say that, because as Trump writes, we "Americans like winning" too.  That's another aspect of Trump that comes through reading the book, in just is how self critical Trump is and his repulsion to losing, Trump self monitors his performance and works, so he can constantly improve himself. Here is a Trump quote from the book "If I ran my business that way, I'd fire myself" Trump was making comparison between himself and with our existing United States Executive Team residing at the White House.  One thing I think most everybody knows about "The Donald" is; This man does not like to lose. Politicians make their Promises, yet a serious President will Set Goals for the Nation. I smile whenever I see Trump reporting on the polling data at his rallies to the people there. I smile because it's as if he is a CEO giving a corporate performance report to the Board of Directors. In this case, the Board of Directors are us, people like you and me - you know, we are the voters after all. Trump absolutely knows he works for us. Asking Trump if his administration will be transparent is like asking is water wet? I'm looking forward to the frequent updates we will be hearing from President Trump as he gets down to the work that all American Presidents should focus on which is: "Everything he does is America 1st".  Trump also makes mention of the problems with all the money in politics. He writes of what many of us sense, in that the most powerful in DC are not the politicians we elect, but the people who fund the politician's campaigns, The big money donor class runs the DC show. The fact that Trump is self funding, and pointing to this as a problem is incredibly important for us to focus on as a nation. Thinking about what Trumps writes, it's clear that each time a politician is bought with donations, a piece of America gets sold. The donations are really only commissions on the sale. Reading Trump's words, one realizes the United States has too long been run by the "billionaires behind the politicians". It's ironic concluding that in 2016, what has the best chance of correcting this problem is to elect an actual billionaire who only has the American People standing behind him. It will be nice to replace the "For Sale" sign nailed to America with a sign that reads "Not For Sale".  In closing, Trump writes in a his typical matter of fact style, straightforward and to the point. I absolutely recommend buying "Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again". I also absolutely support you voting for the man who wrote it. review image
 Got the book yesterday, finished reading it today. Excellent read. Clear and concise on what is needed to right the ship. America has been off track for a long time. Donald idea's and leadership could do wonders to restore a prosperous America. We are at a critical time in our history. The country needs someone like Donald who can bring the best people together to get things done. Donald lays out the blueprint in this book. If you are interested in what a Trump presidency could do for you and the country, buy the book. It will be some of the best money you invest this year. Read it and lend it.
 Crippled America  Donald Trump graduated from the Wharton School of Finance and wrote more than fifteen best sellers. This book is his blueprint on how to Make America Great Again, and prosperous, to be respected by our allies and feared by our adversaries. Trump wants to fix out failing economy; reform health care os it is more efficient and cost-effective; rebuild our military and keep our promises to veterans; improve our education system for students; and immediately bring jobs back to America. This 2015 book of 193 pages has seventeen chapters, photographs after page 114, but no Index. Trump is worth more than ten billion dollars (p.173). “About the Author” tells of Trump’s business experiences, but little about his personal life. The ‘Preface’ explains the picture on the cover, it shows his anger and unhappiness over today’s America, and lists the policy faults he wants to correct.  In Chapter 1 Trump says we need a “military so strong that we won’t have to use it”. Isn’t that a contradiction in terms? Don’t we pay too much now? People don’t buy things unless they plan to use them. Chapter 2 discusses the bias of the corporate media. Commentators are employees or actors who do as they’re told, or else. Are politicians much different? “Political correctness” is a name for Thought Control (as in the novel “1984"). The reason Trump is misquoted in the press is because the owners want it that way. Anyone who works as an employee knows they do as they are told. These media companies are owned by billionaires” (p.15). The media provides a distraction from reality to fool people. Chapter 3 discusses illegal immigration. Preventing this is common sense, as is knowing this will always occur. Do we need a solid masonry wall when a wire fence is more cost-effective? The real problem are those who employ illegal immigrants instead of citizens.  Trump’s Foreign Policy is to maintain the strongest military in the world (Chapter 4). Does that mean another invasion in the Middle East? If not, where? Spending excess money on the military is not a good unless we are threatened (like in WW II). Do we want another Vietnam? Should we bomb the oil fields of Iraq and Syria (p.37)? China is an economic competitor and a danger (p.45). Their success is based on lost jobs in America. Don’t blame politicians for doing what big corporations want them to do (p.45). Chapter 5 complains about the education system results. Is it only caused by the Federal Department of Education? What about distractions for students? Don’t Big Corporations control textbook sales and school policy? Does Trump confuse “schools” with physical plants or their management? Were schools better decades ago? Or is it a question of money (p.54)? Can anyone respect teachers but be against their unions (p.56)? What can Trump do about high student debt? Is this debt a way to exploit students for decades?  I think “global warming” or “climate change” is a fraud for a regressive tax on Americans (Chapter 6). If National Health Care works well in Canada (and elsewhere) why can’t it work here (Chapter 7)? Chapter 8 discusses the economy. The loss of jobs impoverishes America. A tariff on imported goods and services would reduce the jobs sent offshore (which is an attack on working Americans). Chapter 9 tells of his beginning and ends by listing his policy changes. Chapter 10 has his complaints and comments, such as the Veterans Affairs and its patient delays. Veterans should go to other doctors and hospitals as wanted. There should be a program to help them with jobs. Trump supports the Second Amendment and wants concealed carry permits to be recognized like drivers licenses (Chapter 11). [Why not remove all restrictions as in earlier times?] Crime results from poverty and unemployment. What about “mental health”? Aren’t there some who claim wanting a gun is a sign of mental sickness (Gun Prohibitionists) so be careful with this vague description! The number of firearm victims doubles over 25 years after the 1968 Gun Control Act, and nearly tripled over the next 22 years. For every firearm death (suicide or murder) there are over ten times as many who die from smoking; so where is the call for “Tobacco Control”?  Chapter 12 discusses the “Infrastructure”. Was this a problem before the 1950's? People lived within walking distance of shopping, their jobs, schools and churches. Big Oil began creating Suburbia so people needed cars; zoning laws banned local stores. A “crumbling infrastructure” is the result. Who is going to pay for all this? People are becoming impoverished and have rising debt. Only the rich can or super-rich can pay for improvements but they won’t. This rebuilding assumes that what was done in the past was correct and no changes are required. Good parents prevent drug or alcohol problems (Chapter 13). Isn’t there an economic basis for family problems? Trump is a religious person who attends church. Do we need the smartest and best people in Washington, or those who will act for the good of the people (Chapter 14)? This chapter avoids mentioning the control of Congress by Big Corporations.  Chapter 15 has his comments on the Media (which is owned and controlled by Big Corporations). The Media chooses profits over honest reporting, that’s why their business. Trump is the richest presidential candidate in history. The tax code is defined by Congress (Chapter 16). Any complexity results from Special Interests who want preferential treatment. Raising the standard deduction is good but it should be higher, especially for Social Security (the limits haven’t been raised in over thirty years). But Trump can’t keep his earlier promises with a lower budget. Will eliminating loopholes be enough? If America is crippled who did this (Chapter 17)? Can Trump correct this by himself? I hope so, or the decline will continue.  Trump mentions the luxury hotels he built. How many average Americans will ever visit one? What is his experience in manufacturing? Trump knows the luxury market for hotels and condominiums and has done very well. But America needs more manufacturing jobs that benefit average Americans. Trump is a partner with NBC TV in the ownership of the three largest beauty competitions in the world. Do these provide realistic models for young girls? Trump’s show “The Apprentice” was a top-rated show. Trump is one of the top celebrities in the world. Trump has the greatest collection of golf courses and clubs ever built or assembled by one man. He is now running for President of the United States.  This book offers Trump’s proposed policies as a candidate. Some seem contradictory, and will be modified as they pass through Congress (who have the responsibility for passing and changing laws). I agree with much of what he proposes, primarily National Health Care and the reform of tax policy. The standard deduction and exemption should be adjusted yearly to compensate for the devaluation of the dollar by the Federal Reserve. Unfair laws like NAFTA etc. should be abolished to prevent sending jobs overseas. A 35% tariff on imported goods and services will help, and balance the higher standard deductions. Part of this should go to Medicare and Social Security. What other candidate promises to do so much for Americans?
 I love Donald Trump and wether or not you do, his assessment of the disaster America is in is 100% accurate. I have all of his other books as well and he literally predicted 9/11 back in 1999 while writing The America We Deserve "I really am convinced we're in danger of the sort of terrorist attacks that will make the bombing of the Trade Center look like kids playing with firecrackers," (if you think he is new to writing politics, he's not!). This book painstakingly lays out not just our problems, but more importantly REAL SOLUTIONS from a man that seriously knows how to get things done! Many have raised the question about wether or not he is qualified for The Presidency, if you conduct a thorough investigation of his record and policies you will find there is nobody more qualified than Donald J. Trump to Make America Great Again!
 Excellent book and it was delivered several days early! If you're interested in helping make America the finest, not the whining-est, country again...check out what Donald Trump has to say IN HIS OWN WORDS and decide for - you guessed it, yourself. Self-serving career politicians can't make America great again. We're lucky that someone who doesn't need any more money or power is willing to step up and help make this country what it should be: #1. Our active duty military, Veterans, and those honorable men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice deserve a Commander in Chief who will 100% have their backs. I'm giving this book as gifts!
 The absolute truth of what's happening to our country and we should all be outraged and elect Mr. Trump by a landslide to save our country. He is a patriot and he is doing this out of love. Ask yourselves this question. Why does a man who has everything risk his life to pursue the most thankless job in the world? He's doing it to save the country he loves. That's why. And at this juncture., with the country on life support we need a lion in the white house. I believe with all my heart that Mr. Trump is that courageous lion, none of the candidates come even close. I am praying that america will finally do the right thing and elect him.
 Trump has finally spoken what is on the minds of the so called "Silent Majority." In this book, he outlines a blue print and the theme of his political campaign for the 2016 election. Trump challenges the narrative of the problems this country faces such as the trade imbalance with foreign nations, the huge budget deficit this country faces, political corruption and most important the numerous issues that many Americans face as what he describes as "crippling" America.  The narrative in this book is straight-talk no nonsense tell it like it is. If you're looking for a book that is politically correct, this book is not for you. Trump exemplifies why he is able to capture the attention of the entire nation right in this book. He attempts to tackle the problems he sees as distractions and ineffective government and puts it in a language without holding back any words.  A great read on understanding the Trump phenomenon that is driving the 2016 U.S. Election cycle.
 Was between Jeb Bush and Donald Trump, after reading this book I am for Trump 100 percent.
 I really liked this book! Candidates books I've read are Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, Ben Carson and now Donald Trump. I must say, I am most impressed by this book because it actually talks about the number 1 issue facing America - economics. If the money collapses, the other issues become more like red herrings to take focus off the 20+ trillion dollar debt. I appreciate the candor, which is so unusual in politics. I also appreciate the backstories to many of the blow-ups that the media tried to take out of proportion. This is a solid book with solid plans to get people back to work and to reset our economy. He gets "repeal and replace" Obamacare because the patient care act is really about consolidating power, making big industry lobbyists happy, and taking lots of money from normal people. Anyone who reads 609 pages can see right through the largest tax hike in history with no accountability to the public for how it is spent. I appreciate his stance on social security which is to that these people who worked for it and paid into it all their lives, created a contract with the U.S. that needs to be honored. I also like that Trump can't be bought - which is the number one reason that Congress has been so bad for the American public. Income tax reform. Unafraid and unapologetic to go after America's interests abroad and that includes illegal immigration. As an aside, the second best book was by Ted Cruz, smart and gutsy in the face of all odds. I find it inspiring that in the face of unspeakable odds and societal insanity, that it is the ones with humble beginnings who work their way up from nothing that are on the front lines of saving the country. We need to support these people.
 This presents Donald Trump's positions on important issues better than the mass media present them. It also presents his positions in greater depth. This book makes the media coverage of him appear very superficial. This book is an easy, interesting read.
 I borrowed this book from the library and felt I should write a review on it, but it does not seem to come up on amazon. The copy I read was Crippled America- How to make America Great Again by Donald Trump. When I typed in the ISBN, this book appeared so I will post my review here. Having read some of his earlier books, this particular book is definitely a more polished version of Trump. Where in previous writings Trump focused on how the rest of the world seemingly affects the U.S., this book actually focused on the corruption within the american government. Trump readily admits and has seen first hand how special interests have destroyed american politics. Trump in fact has been part of this process! Anyone who reads this will surely question whether a man who participated in the buyout of politicians is capable of fixing the issues he helped create. More importantly however, is how Trump has a definite "insider" view of american politics.  This book should be a wake up call for many people, and a good read for both supporters and non-supporters. It sheds light on what has been eating away at government. I'm sure the Donald can go into a great more detail on the types of deals made at the highest levels of government, and as such has an obligation to come out and call out these activities and those who commit them. The american public deserves it!
 Trump provides some fundamental promises in 'Crippled America' and explains them in the common sense approach most Americans can understand. Many people write him off because of his celebrity stature; however, Trump is an accomplished businessman. His straightforward and most often politically incorrect speeches often reinforce people's perception that he is just a personality, but it is that straightforward talk that is refreshing to American politics. Ronald Reagan was an actor with a common sense approach to life and politics. Trump seems to come from the same mold.
 If you'd have told me a year ago I'd want Donald Trump to be our President, I'd have stared at you like you had two heads. But listening to the man talk and finally reading this book, I don't want anyone else in the White House. This is the most excited I've been about a Presidential election in my entire life and I'm not exaggerating. Aside from his economic and especially foreign policies, I (and many others apparently) like him for his no BS attitude. This country needs a leader like that. Putin doesn't respect Obama, but he'll sure as hell respect Teflon Don. And if he wins, I predict he'll be the best jobs President my generation will ever see. "BUT HE DECLARED BANKRUPTCY 4 TIMES!!!!!" said by everyone who doesn't know a thing about how to successfully run a business.  In today's newest effort by the media and the establishment to try and stump him, Obama made fun of him for complaining about the biased circus-like nature of the CNBC debate, alluding to the charge that if he can't handle the pressure of a debate, imagine how hard he'll buckle around foreign leaders. That's horse crap. There's a big difference between what's supposed to be an American debate involving the possible future POTUS turned into a cage match in which the first question to Trump was literally, "Are you a comic book supervillain?" and purposely pitting all the candidates against each other like it was Jerry Springer, and the way a President will act around someone like Putin behind closed doors when he finally gets the power to actually do what he promises to do. There's also the fact that Obama and Hillary refused to take part in a debate on Fox News back in '08, but politicians were never above such blatant hypocrisy.  TRUMP 2016
 I loved reading this book. He covers all of the areas which our USA is crippled and needs major repair work. He begins with a general overview about how our country has regressed in a major way, and how important it is to elect a President that loves America and will do what is needed to start winning again. Then he goes into more detailed information about what his plans are. Here is a list of some of the chapters: Immigration, Foreign Policy, Education, Energy Debate, Health Care, Lucky to be an American, the right to Bear Arms, and his plans to fix these areas make perfect sense. I've been reading it out loud with my husband and every time we finish a chaper we both say "Right On."
 I learned quite alot about the Donald and what I did learn I liked. I don't know if the rest of the world is ready for his candor, i hope so. One thing I did learn is that Mr. Trump is smart enough to know what he doesn't know and smart enough to hire people who do know what he doesn't know, unlike the Head Narcissist in Charge who believes he knows everything there is to know about everything.
  Donald Trump graduated from the Wharton School of Finance and wrote more than fifteen best sellers. This book is his blueprint on how to Make America Great Again, and prosperous, to be respected by our allies and feared by our adversaries. Trump wants to fix out failing economy; reform health care as it is more efficient and cost-effective; rebuild our military and keep our promises to veterans; improve our education system for students; and immediately bring jobs back to America. This 2015 book of 193 pages has seventeen chapters, photographs after page 114, but no Index. Trump is worth more than ten billion dollars (p.173). “About the Author” tells of Trump’s business experiences, but little about his personal life. The ‘Preface’ explains the picture on the cover, it shows his anger and unhappiness over today’s America, and lists the policy faults he wants to correct.  In Chapter 1 Trump says we need a “military so strong that we won’t have to use it”. Isn’t that a contradiction in terms? Don’t we pay too much now? People don’t buy things unless they plan to use them. Chapter 2 discusses the bias of the corporate media. Commentators are employees or actors who do as they’re told, or else. Are politicians much different? “Political correctness” is a name for Thought Control (as in the novel “1984"). The reason Trump is misquoted in the press is because the owners want it that way. Anyone who works as an employee knows they do as they are told. These media companies are owned by billionaires” (p.15). The media provides a distraction from reality to fool people. Chapter 3 discusses illegal immigration. Preventing this is common sense, as is knowing this will always occur. Do we need a solid masonry wall when a wire fence is more cost-effective? The real problem are those who employ illegal immigrants instead of citizens.  Trump’s Foreign Policy is to maintain the strongest military in the world (Chapter 4). Does that mean another invasion in the Middle East? If not, where? Spending excess money on the military is not a good unless we are threatened (like in WW II). Do we want another Vietnam? Should we bomb the oil fields of Iraq and Syria (p.37)? China is an economic competitor and a danger (p.45). Their success is based on lost jobs in America. Don’t blame politicians for doing what big corporations want them to do (p.45). Chapter 5 complains about the education system results. Is it only caused by the Federal Department of Education? What about distractions for students? Don’t Big Corporations control textbook sales and school policy? Does Trump confuse “schools” with physical plants or their management? Were schools better decades ago? Or is it a question of money (p.54)? Can anyone respect teachers but be against their unions (p.56)? What can Trump do about high student debt? Is this debt a way to exploit students for decades?  I think “global warming” or “climate change” is a fraud for a regressive tax on Americans (Chapter 6). If National Health Care works well in Canada (and elsewhere) why can’t it work here (Chapter 7)? Chapter 8 discusses the economy. The loss of jobs impoverishes America. A tariff on imported goods and services would reduce the jobs sent offshore (which is an attack on working Americans). Chapter 9 tells of his beginning and ends by listing his policy changes. Chapter 10 has his complaints and comments, such as the Veterans Affairs and its patient delays. Veterans should go to other doctors and hospitals as wanted. There should be a program to help them with jobs. Trump supports the Second Amendment and wants concealed carry permits to be recognized like drivers licenses (Chapter 11). [Why not remove all restrictions as in earlier times?] Crime results from poverty and unemployment. What about “mental health”? Aren’t there some who claim wanting a gun is a sign of mental sickness (Gun Prohibitionists) so be careful with this vague description! The number of firearm victims doubles over 25 years after the 1968 Gun Control Act, and nearly tripled over the next 22 years. For every firearm death (suicide or murder) there are over ten times as many who die from smoking; so where is the call for “Tobacco Control”?  Chapter 12 discusses the “Infrastructure”. Was this a problem before the 1950's? People lived within walking distance of shopping, their jobs, schools and churches. Big Oil began creating Suburbia so people needed cars; zoning laws banned local stores. A “crumbling infrastructure” is the result. Who is going to pay for all this? People are becoming impoverished and have rising debt. Only the rich can or super-rich can pay for improvements but they won’t. This rebuilding assumes that what was done in the past was correct and no changes are required. Good parents prevent drug or alcohol problems (Chapter 13). Isn’t there an economic basis for family problems? Trump is a religious person who attends church. Do we need the smartest and best people in Washington, or those who will act for the good of the people (Chapter 14)? This chapter avoids mentioning the control of Congress by Big Corporations.  Chapter 15 has his comments on the Media (which is owned and controlled by Big Corporations). The Media chooses profits over honest reporting, that’s why their business. Trump is the richest presidential candidate in history. The tax code is defined by Congress (Chapter 16). Any complexity results from Special Interests who want preferential treatment. Raising the standard deduction is good but it should be higher, especially for Social Security (the limits haven’t been raised in over thirty years). But Trump can’t keep his earlier promises with a lower budget. Will eliminating loopholes be enough? If America is crippled who did this (Chapter 17)? Can Trump correct this by himself? I hope so, or the decline will continue.  Trump mentions the luxury hotels he built. How many average Americans will ever visit one? What is his experience in manufacturing? Trump knows the luxury market for hotels and condominiums and has done very well. But America needs more manufacturing jobs that benefit average Americans. Trump is a partner with NBC TV in the ownership of the three largest beauty competitions in the world. Do these provide realistic models for young girls? Trump’s show “The Apprentice” was a top-rated show. Trump is one of the top celebrities in the world. Trump has the greatest collection of golf courses and clubs ever built or assembled by one man. He is now running for President of the United States.  This book offers Trump’s proposed policies as a candidate. Some seem contradictory, and will be modified as they pass through Congress (who have the responsibility for passing and changing laws). I agree with much of what he proposes, primarily National Health Care and the reform of tax policy. The standard deduction and exemption should be adjusted yearly to compensate for the devaluation of the dollar by the Federal Reserve. Unfair laws like NAFTA etc. should be abolished to prevent sending jobs overseas. A 35% tariff on imported goods and services will help, and balance the higher standard deductions. Part of this should go to Medicare and Social Security. What other candidate promises to do so much for Americans?
 I read this in two days. It's fairly short, and language is conversational, in fact I could imagine Trump's voice as I read it. So it's an easy read. But it's not a lightweight book. In 170 pages Trump is able to make the case that America is in a deep mess and that he, alone among the presidential field, is the one person uniquely qualified to lead the country back to greatness.  This book, says Trump, is designed to give the reader a better understanding of him and his ideas for the future. Trump starts off disarmingly, by talking about how he picked a cover photo of himself that is "so angry and so mean looking." As a reader I relax and think, eh, I guess this book won't be too serious. Then he starts talking about all the reasons to be angry about the state of the country. He talks about how America needs to start winning again, then he starts talking about why he is the guy that can make that happen. He knocks down objections to his candidacy, calling out media detractors like Megyn Kelly and Hugh Hewitt by name.  He talks about his policy directions, not plans, because "the last thing we need are more plans that evaporate after the elections." What he has are principles and practical ideas which, he says, his record of business success shows he knows how to to get done. He ties in his business accomplishments as he talks about those policy principles. I'll mention two areas. On immigration, he loves legal immigration, hates illegal immigration, and will work to end birthright citizenship which "even Harry Reid" admits is insane. He will build a wall with "a big beautiful door" that people can enter or leave legally and runs through different ways Mexico can pay for it.  On foreign policy, his principle is "Operate from strength." He would build up the military, but refrain from conflict engagement unless there is a direct threat to our interests. In the Middle East, he would bomb ISIS oil fields to cut off their fund source. "And then we'd hit them again and again until ISIS ceased to exist as a threat to anybody." He calls out China as an enemy that we need to stand up to and then sit down with to renegotiate into an equitable relationship. "There is no one-size-fits all foreign policy. ... Everything begins with a strong military. Everything."  Trump also cover Education, Energy, Health Care, Economy, Gun Rights, Infrastructure, and Taxes. He also talks about himself, his leadership experience, his values, his patriotism, and his family. In a rare moment of humility he admits that he was admits to working too much to be present as a husband, but he says that for his kids it is a different story and that he is always there for them. He praises his own father a lot throughout the book and I get the sense that fatherhood is a very important aspect of his life.  There is no soaring rhetoric in this book, neither is there any dry lecturing. Instead there are practical ideas and anecdotes from Trump's life. There are also color photographs of himself as child, with his parents, with his children, and of his landmark skyscrapers and properties. I guess the buildings are also his children, in a way. He's very proud of the properties he took from old and failing to renewed and successful. I get the feeling that he sees America as the biggest turnaround project opportunity of his career. By the time you finish reading the book you may very well agree.  Read my other reviews of conservative books at my blog bookhorde.blogspot.com
 This is an excellent book. If you want to know what Donald Trump believes and what he is planning to do if elected president then this lays it out. I was very impressed with his common sense and logical proposals.  I try to read a book or two written by every presidential candidate and this was is the best. Of course, any book written by a person is going to try and make herself/himself look good but I was very impressed with the common sense and ideas outlined. It is hard to get a good reading on Trump's policies and beliefs from the media so I highly recommend this book.
 A quick read that brings you up to speed on Mr.TRUMP, and why you can believe in him at least as easily as your favorite lifetime politician. Give him a chance. He is a successful business and family man. You my judge him by his fruit. The worst he can do is more of the same. He has already forced the big parties to confront their failure to LEAD.
 I love to hear from someone who has been there, done that, and has many tall monuments to show for it. Having been in aerospace for 35 years developing many kinds of critical equipment I can appreciate hard work and day after day of full throttle effort to accomplish a goal greater than self. I recommend this book to anyone, bar none, but especially anyone with the courage to make a stand for truth, justice, and the American way.
 I'm really glad I read this book. Lots of common sense. I ended up thinking Donald Trump has a lot more qualifications for the presidency than I thought--or anyone gives him credit for. It also made me think that it would be nice if we could fill Congress with businessmen who live in the real world as opposed to politicians who don't.
 Donald Trump is passionate and serious about making our country "Great Again." Inept and incompetent leadership, financial illiterates making trade deals, wretched treatment of our country's finest people (our forgotten veterans), and glorifying crime in the name of compassion have ruined America. While many wish for America to be some sacrificial lamb for all the world's problems except our own, Trump calls for us to get our priorities straight and fix ourselves before we try to fix the rest of the world. America has a tradition of excellence and Trump inspires those who have not known it to see greatness as a birthright. This is what you can expect from a man who pursues a lifelong philosophy of victory. This book is short; hard hitting and to the point. Real problems and real solutions.
 The book is well written, but the real story here is the controversial subject; Donald J. Trump. Full disclosure: My sister worked for Mr. Trump and he sent flowers to my father's wake. Now...if you believe deep down inside that something is seriously wrong with this country, then you will get some good from this book and more importantly, the man himself. I'm a Veteran and yes, I admit, his stance on taking care of us is appealing.  This man is a dynamo. When he puts crosshairs on something, you can bet the farm that he will get it done. He is far from perfect and will make mistakes or say the wrong thing. He will learn from those and make adjustments. Trump is not a politician, he is a Real Estate Developer. When it comes to the economy and the awful trade deals, Mr. Trump will do everything he can to fix those problems. There is no denying the movement and the popularity this man has garnered. Many of us are angry and frustrated. He has tapped that vein, but he won't let us down.  Read his other works. Watch older videos of him. Do your own research. Donald J. Trump WILL be the next President. This country is a long way from the Constitutional Republic it once was. The corruption and Play to Pay is beyond sickening. Mr. Trump can not be bought.
 I learn English and I wanted to read an actual and interesting topic about US election. Trump's book was the best choice I think and he will make America great again for sure:) Believe me...
 Who else cAn truly take on the dem machine? The rest have no chance. Only a truly independent republican with no PAC direct influence can make the voting go our way. The rest while nice folk, will lose. Think about it. Great book!
 My husband and I were on the fence about Trump's presidential run, until listening to Crippled America (4.5 hours on DVD) during a recent road trip. His writing was clear and concise. His opinions were clear--and goals are set forth. No, this isn't a policy wonk book. It's Trump's views on how he would lead this country, if elected to serve as President. Like any good leader, he would surround himself with the talent needed to achieve his goals, as he's done in his real estate development business. Crippled America gave us a chance to hear Trump's views directly without the media filter--a rare treat. The takeaway from this book? Like many aging businesses, the U.S. government must be turned around and time is running out. Trump is 100% correct on this point. The establishment argues that only a seasoned politician can do this. But is that true? Isn't it time to think outside the box? Use technology to put service back in public service? Can you image getting Trump Hotel quality service from ANY federal agency (think IRS, TSA, the list goes on). Trump lays out his beliefs and goals, should he be elected to serve as President. I hope you'll take the time to read or listen to this book. It's an invaluable perspective on the Trump campaign and his vision for America.
 Another straightforward, straight up, straight common-sense tome by the Trumpster.
 Extremely articulate & Enjoyable! How refreshing to find a political candidate that echoes all of my sentiments! I'm a Military Veteran that understands the trials & tribulations that our Veterans suffer regarding the lack of financial assistance. The Va is overwhelmed and underfunded, many have died due to the long waiting lists to be seen. Trump is the only candidate that brings up this issue. The others have no respect that we signed the dotted line to protect this Country from both foreign & domestic invaders! Illegal immigrants are receiving free home, healthcare, food, cellphones, & internet while our Veterans are left homeless & destitute. These illegals recently released a video with cursing children called Deport Racism, which clearly shows how ungrateful these lawbreakers are towards Americans and how they extort & teach their children to be Racist against Whites & Black. These children unfortunately are in the same schools as our own. My son quit 12th grade after an illegal MS13 gang member threatened his life for talking to his girlfriend. This was in suburbia Long Island, NY folks. The school district in which I paid over $8,000 yearly in taxes to didn't notify me until 5 months later, because like the VA under-manned & low funded due to too many rental homes having the proverbial "Packed Clown Car" with 50 illegal immigrants residing in one home. Was it fair that I paid the same tax for 2 children compared to their 25? Is it fair that politicians are more worried about the size of a soda, than the many wrongdoings of illegals? How is it that they can be deported over 6 times yet still come back to rape, murder, & sell drugs? I'm not for big government & would rather displace the Department of Education with Common Core Failing Fixation to having better security so that our children are safe in school! Anyone hiring illegals should be ashamed! The unemployment numbers look low since now the majority are on full welfare & we are 19 Trillion in debt! H1B1 visas have become an overused joke, why are we importing labor while so many American's are unemployed? Is it more important to placate to Foreigner's than take care of our own??? Obamacare has done nothing but increase the debt on those working by not only increasing the # on Medicare, but tell me how many of your premiums, deductibles, prescription costs increased? The Liberals want to give free tuition now, do you know of any teachers that will work for free? They continue to Socialize medicine, how happy are you Dr.'s & Nurses feeling being overwhelmed due to this system? How many teachers & school districts are overwhelmed with children incapable of speaking English? Do Amnesty supporters wish to remain dumb until MS13 gangs infiltrate their towns? The time is now to take back this Country & Make America Great Again!!! I'm voting Trump & pray all American Citizens Do The Same!!! 🇺🇸
 Now I want to be realistic with you. This is one of many reviews of products online, and not my fist time reading or reviewing a book, especially a political book since I graduated from high school and college. With that said love books, but I hate politics. However I owed myself a sense of duty because I truly respect Donald Trump. I never thought that Trump would open my eyes to the world of reality-politics, and speak to the issues as to what is actually happening to our country and to the World at large.  I was ignorant as to how far our country was in such desperate shape prior to Trump's announcement that he was running for President. Now, since his throwing his hat into the political ring, I have been following him everyday on Twitter and on the Internet. In this book Trump: Addresses the trade imbalance with countries like Mexico; talks about his new Tax Plan to reduce the debt, balance a budget, and work within our GDP; rebuild our military and National defense; re-assume our position as the World leader; and as such, make America great again! I closely follow the videos and news clips of him speaking on the campaign trail and his policy proposals on the VA, Syrian/ISIS conflict, and of course the upcoming debates. What I find reassuring is that from a monetary perspective that he can't be bought outright, possessing considerable personal wealth. The liberal media and political pundits can't stand him. There's a famous quote by Bob Schieffer that goes: "Well, you know, in any political campaign, you're gonna have people on one side that are gonna slip a reporter something because they think it'll hurt the guy on the other side". Never was that statement put to the test so many times than with Mr. Trump.  With a list that is too long to enumerate in this post the current administration and President has worked very hard to weaken American interests through both foreign and domestic policies. Mr. Trump has infused the public with the proper amount of insight as to how ineffective our government is operated. He illustrates just how much the average Citizen has been taken advantage of by the incapable politicians in Washington and how the vast amount of people are just fed up. America wants and needs a true leader that is not bought and paid for by Super PAC's, Unions, special interests, etc. and one that will not only stand up for himself but for the Nation as well.  Much of what is written in his book supports his bombastic personality but I urge you to do yourself a favor and read this book and form your own opinion of the man and what his true intentions are for our Nation. I admit that it is not too late to "Make America Great Again!" Bravo.
 While I do not believe in everything Trump says or does I solidly believe that we as good Republicans should back him for one he loves our Constitution unlike Ulike The Clinton who wants to toss it in the hog pen.Mr.Trump I just want you to know I voted for Cruz in the primaries but on November the eighth 2016 I will get out of my easy chair and check your name on the ballot for Missouri!Run Trump Run wishing you and Mike Pence The White House on November the eighth 2016!We as Americans must put Trump in office for Every Vote Trump DOES NOT GET GOES FOR HILLARY SO YOU CONSERVATIVES AS YOU SIT ON YOUR EASY CHAIRS IN FRONT OF THE TELEVISION GET UP GO OUT AND VOTE FOR THE RIGHT MAN FOR THE JOB!Did you catch the word MAN! Thank you for taking the time to read this review.MR.TRUMP OR MR.SOON TO BE PRESIDENT WELCOME TO THE WHITE HOUSE OUR HOUSE.AND BUILD THE BIGGEST WALL IN TEXAS WE DON'T GO IN THEY COME OUT GOOD LUCK MR.PRESIDENT TRUMP!I AM SUPPORTING YOU THE N.R.A.IS SUPPORTING YOU AND EVERY AMERICAN IN AMERICA IS SUPPORTING YOU!ONLY YOU CAN MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!GIVE SOON TO BE MR.PRESIDENT TRUMP YOUR VOTE AS HE MAKES A WINNING DIVE FOR THE WHITE HOUSE!
 As a young American citizen voting for the first time in an U.S. Election, I was looking to get a more in depth description of the beliefs and solutions Donald Trump has for his potential presidency. This book gave me exactly that and more.
 THERE'S STILL HOPE FOR AMERICA! Great read. So inspiring!!! My favorite chapter is the "Values" chapter.....God bless Donald Trump
 Makes plenty of sense...now if only he can get in there and do it! He needs to be more optimistic and say "Help is on the Way!"
 Unselfish guy !
 Some may criticise me, oh well! But this man has put Faith back into the country. This is a book that explains his intentions in an easy to read format. I have to tell you I have never been so involved in politics. Although I have illnesses, I work full time, and have never been more inspired to push further, because I too believe we can make the United States great again! We must come together, and grow strong! We can see this through, if we do it together!
 Pretty good read. This is great for an unsure voter, or someone who doesn't like what the media has portrayed Trump to be. It is unfiltered and straight from the mouth of Trump. Worth the price, worth the read. Buy it for Clinton fan.
 Lays out his plan to fix our crippled Anerica. If you want to better understand Mr Trump and his positions then read this book. As a highly accomplished and respected businessman he can and will set this country back on course and this book lays out and vanquishes many of the false narratives being told about him and his positions. His love for America come thru loud and clear.. Here is a man that is ready and willing to step away from his private life and prosperous business to serve his country. A man that can not be bought and who is self funding his campaign. His book is a journey into the mind of a straight shooter who knows how to see a problem and actually fix it with common sense ideas. The book gave me hope this country can be turned around.
 Let me start off by saying that I'm not Pro-Trump, or Anti-Trump. I don't lean left or right politically, and I think it's important for each citizen to back a politician based on his/her personal preferences, not on whether you label yourself as a Republican or Democrat. After Trump announced his candidacy, I was interested in learning more about him and what qualifies him to be our next President of the USA. I knew he was a smart and wealthy businessman, but that's about it. I had agreed with some of his early political statements, and disagreed with some too. So in buying this book I really wanted to try to better understand his policies and his process to accomplish his proposals. In his book, he re-states a lot of what he's been saying in his public statements (debates, speeches, etc.) about immigration, healthcare, education, etc. I was wondering if I could have saved my money since I had pretty much heard it all before, It took a little while before he really started explaining his policies and how he plans to accomplish what he wants to do. I don't find him bashing any of the other candidates, or taking cheap shots (which the election has unfortunately turned into). Rather, he seems to simply disagree, or sometimes agree, with other candidates, and leaves it at that, then briefly outlines his proposal to accomplish one task or another. I'm sure anything more detailed would triple the size of this book, and probably have lost my attention a long time ago. He keeps it short and sweet dedicating each short chapter to a specific political topic. It's an interesting read...will I vote for him??? That's still to be determined, but I think it's a good quick look inside the mind of a very smart business person, and potentially, the next President.
 This is EXACTLY what America needs after the past 8+ years of HELL created by Obama and Hillary, Reid, Paul Ryan, George W. Bush. Yes, Trump might be bold, brash, in-your-face but he has the passion and knowledge - AND ENERGY - to fix this evil and corrupt government that has become an elitist group, NOT caring what Americans want but making us into a weak, third-world type country that ISIS will conquer unless something is done. Listen to Trump's beliefs and convictions instead of listening to the LYING, EVIL liberal media and the wicked Obama and Hillary. Go read "The Art Of The Deal" - Trump has the negotiation skills to do what he wants to do. He WILL do what he says he wants to do. Listen, REALLY LISTEN to this with an open mind. This is excellent. And - I'm a 63 year old woman who stands with Trump on every single thing he says in this.
  Donald Trump graduated from the Wharton School of Finance and wrote more than fifteen best sellers. This book is his blueprint on how to Make America Great Again, and prosperous, to be respected by our allies and feared by our adversaries. Trump wants to fix out failing economy; reform health care os it is more efficient and cost-effective; rebuild our military and keep our promises to veterans; improve our education system for students; and immediately bring jobs back to America. This 2015 book of 193 pages has seventeen chapters, photographs after page 114, but no Index. Trump is worth more than ten billion dollars (p.173). “About the Author” tells of Trump’s business experiences, but little about his personal life. The ‘Preface’ explains the picture on the cover, it shows his anger and unhappiness over today’s America, and lists the policy faults he wants to correct.  In Chapter 1 Trump says we need a “military so strong that we won’t have to use it”. Isn’t that a contradiction in terms? Don’t we pay too much now? People don’t buy things unless they plan to use them. Chapter 2 discusses the bias of the corporate media. Commentators are employees or actors who do as they’re told, or else. Are politicians much different? “Political correctness” is a name for Thought Control (as in the novel “1984"). The reason Trump is misquoted in the press is because the owners want it that way. Anyone who works as an employee knows they do as they are told. These media companies are owned by billionaires” (p.15). The media provides a distraction from reality to fool people. Chapter 3 discusses illegal immigration. Preventing this is common sense, as is knowing this will always occur. Do we need a solid masonry wall when a wire fence is more cost-effective? The real problem are those who employ illegal immigrants instead of citizens.  Trump’s Foreign Policy is to maintain the strongest military in the world (Chapter 4). Does that mean another invasion in the Middle East? If not, where? Spending excess money on the military is not a good unless we are threatened (like in WW II). Do we want another Vietnam? Should we bomb the oil fields of Iraq and Syria (p.37)? China is an economic competitor and a danger (p.45). Their success is based on lost jobs in America. Don’t blame politicians for doing what big corporations want them to do (p.45). Chapter 5 complains about the education system results. Is it only caused by the Federal Department of Education? What about distractions for students? Don’t Big Corporations control textbook sales and school policy? Does Trump confuse “schools” with physical plants or their management? Were schools better decades ago? Or is it a question of money (p.54)? Can anyone respect teachers but be against their unions (p.56)? What can Trump do about high student debt? Is this debt a way to exploit students for decades?  I think “global warming” or “climate change” is a fraud for a regressive tax on Americans (Chapter 6). If National Health Care works well in Canada (and elsewhere) why can’t it work here (Chapter 7)? Chapter 8 discusses the economy. The loss of jobs impoverishes America. A tariff on imported goods and services would reduce the jobs sent offshore (which is an attack on working Americans). Chapter 9 tells of his beginning and ends by listing his policy changes. Chapter 10 has his complaints and comments, such as the Veterans Affairs and its patient delays. Veterans should go to other doctors and hospitals as wanted. There should be a program to help them with jobs. Trump supports the Second Amendment and wants concealed carry permits to be recognized like drivers licenses (Chapter 11). [Why not remove all restrictions as in earlier times?] Crime results from poverty and unemployment. What about “mental health”? Aren’t there some who claim wanting a gun is a sign of mental sickness (Gun Prohibitionists) so be careful with this vague description! The number of firearm victims doubles over 25 years after the 1968 Gun Control Act, and nearly tripled over the next 22 years. For every firearm death (suicide or murder) there are over ten times as many who die from smoking; so where is the call for “Tobacco Control”?  Chapter 12 discusses the “Infrastructure”. Was this a problem before the 1950's? People lived within walking distance of shopping, their jobs, schools and churches. Big Oil began creating Suburbia so people needed cars; zoning laws banned local stores. A “crumbling infrastructure” is the result. Who is going to pay for all this? People are becoming impoverished and have rising debt. Only the rich can or super-rich can pay for improvements but they won’t. This rebuilding assumes that what was done in the past was correct and no changes are required. Good parents prevent drug or alcohol problems (Chapter 13). Isn’t there an economic basis for family problems? Trump is a religious person who attends church. Do we need the smartest and best people in Washington, or those who will act for the good of the people (Chapter 14)? This chapter avoids mentioning the control of Congress by Big Corporations.  Chapter 15 has his comments on the Media (which is owned and controlled by Big Corporations). The Media chooses profits over honest reporting, that’s why their business. Trump is the richest presidential candidate in history. The tax code is defined by Congress (Chapter 16). Any complexity results from Special Interests who want preferential treatment. Raising the standard deduction is good but it should be higher, especially for Social Security (the limits haven’t been raised in over thirty years). But Trump can’t keep his earlier promises with a lower budget. Will eliminating loopholes be enough? If America is crippled who did this (Chapter 17)? Can Trump correct this by himself? I hope so, or the decline will continue.  Trump mentions the luxury hotels he built. How many average Americans will ever visit one? What is his experience in manufacturing? Trump knows the luxury market for hotels and condominiums and has done very well. But America needs more manufacturing jobs that benefit average Americans. Trump is a partner with NBC TV in the ownership of the three largest beauty competitions in the world. Do these provide realistic models for young girls? Trump’s show “The Apprentice” was a top-rated show. Trump is one of the top celebrities in the world. Trump has the greatest collection of golf courses and clubs ever built or assembled by one man. He is now running for President of the United States.  This book offers Trump’s proposed policies as a candidate. Some seem contradictory, and will be modified as they pass through Congress (who have the responsibility for passing and changing laws). I agree with much of what he proposes, primarily National Health Care and the reform of tax policy. The standard deduction and exemption should be adjusted yearly to compensate for the devaluation of the dollar by the Federal Reserve. Unfair laws like NAFTA etc. should be abolished to prevent sending jobs overseas. A 35% tariff on imported goods and services will help, and balance the higher standard deductions. Part of this should go to Medicare and Social Security. What other candidate promises to do so much for Americans?
 Trump says many, many, months before it happens, how things are going in America. Trunk shows how America is "crippled." This is a very good read if you want to know what's happening in your country! review image
 No matter what you see on TV or read online, the real Donald Trump IS a REAL SUCCESS: not only in business, but in his understanding of of the past, present and future of our Constitution and our planet. The "politics" of the game is well known to him, not withstanding (and far better) the he is NOT a "Politician" but a self-made man who truly appears to want the best for Americans and has the mans (not just financial) to get the job done. The media pundits have twisted a great deal of information for the last century at least. They are "bought"...just like most politicians. No one can please all of the people all of the time. With nothing other than "puppets and thieves" inhabiting our government offices, Donald Trump can stand alone and make change for the good of this country. He will get my vote if for no other reason but that he simply cannot be bought as the majority of our past "leaders" have been (and still are.! His plan for America is sound and constitutionally backed.
 This book has made me believe even more strong in Mr. D. Trump and all of which he stands for, in our great country. I am not voting for Mr. D. Trump because I have been ordered to, by the planet Jupiter, like my dad has been. I am voting for Mr. Trump because he is a strait-shooter and tells it like it is, and he comes right out and puts women in there places, and I like that since I am a woman and yes I know my place, right or wrong. He is a strong and powerful man. Just watch the Apprentise and you will see. Hey there Hillary, your fired!
 The Donald lays out the founding concepts for his campaign. It is a straight forward and clear summation of what he wants to accomplish for the US. Neither racist nor xenophobic, just a patriot who wants to see government fighting for the people of the US and end our misadventures overseas.
 Donald Trump without the media twisting his words. I could tell in this book that he has a lot more good people around him then we know about. His grasp of each problem and ways to solve them are solid. Worth the read.
 Very informative. I felt the beginning started out more like a resume of Mr Trump and his own praise HOWEVER, once you get more into it you see how his experience and knowledge can make America great again! Enjoying the book, Trump has my vote and he is not afraid to speak his mind. Go TRUMP
 if you have watched the debates, followed non-biased news stories, you know a lot of Donald Trumps views already. This book puts his plan for fixing America into book form with each chapter explaining his stances on immigration, guns,taxes, terrorism,health care,religious freedom and education. If all you read are the biased media reports that attack and ridicule Trumps views then you owe it to yourself to read his comprehensive collection of fixes for America. If you are unhappy with the way things have been going, tired of incompetent leadership then read this book and hear it from Donald Trump himself and his plan to make America Great and Safe again. Recommended.
 For once - Someone with a PLAN OF ACTION who is NOT AFRAID, NOT POLITICALLY CORRECT, AND NOT OWNED by those who funded their election. Mr. Trump has stated basically the same message for decades --- "AMERICA and AMERICANS FIRST". He is the definition of consistency.... My prayers and my vote are with Donald Trump.
 TRUMP 101, Love him or hate him, the book is worth a read
 I have watched your second debate today, Donald. I am not smart enough to know how to fix our crippled America. But you said you are going to Make America Wealthy again. This part I do know and I am eager to share my knowledge with you. Unfortunately, and to my deepest chagrin, I am the only one who knows that. Do not miss your opportunity to find out. Capitalism delivers profit to every successful investor of money and/or labor. Employees who are not fired are successful investors of labor. Who pockets the profit on their labor, which is over and above their wages? Naturally, their employer! This is why employees relate to their employer as to a thief of their property. No one is going to engage in the business of a thief of their property. Would you? This is why the American employee's productivity is adjusted to a level of employer's survival, and not higher. This is why jobs are exported to third world countries, where employees did not get it yet. This is why progress of American technology does not increase employee productivity. An employer who will understand the above will leave the profit on labor to his workforce and profit only from his means of production. The rate of profit on labor and the rate of profit on means of production is the same rate. Leaving the profit on labor to employees will multiply their productivity and the employer's forfeiture of the today's measly profit on labor will be a small price the employer will pay for the enormous increase of his profit on means of production. American workers will grow wealthy. They will buy thing they always were dreaming about. Market demand sill swell. That will create new productive jobs. Government revenue from taxes will increase and unemployment support will shrink. Private and national debts will shrink. Families will be less restricted financially and wives will bear more children. Seniors will live in comfort on pensions and life savings. Recessions will become milder and far between. America will become wealthy again! Motty Perel, [...] [...]
 Hear what Donald Trump REALLY thinks! Very encouraging. Easy to read because they are easy to understand ideas--not difficult, mind-twisting political double-talk. Very refreshing. Makes so much sense. Common sense.
 Excellent! Not only does Trump state what he will do to build America back to a thriving country if elected as President, but he actually gives the 'HOW' it will be accomplished. Trump is continually hurdling the media's accusations about him. If, you're on the fence, or possibly not sure what to believe; give yourself the knowledge to make your own conscious decision (even if it's not for Trump). Crippled America is a refreshing weekend read. It's short and to the point. An impressive and enlightening read.
 I knew very little about Trump, but knew that I could not vote for Hillary given the server debacle, poor judgement , and her lying to the FUN. To me character matters. As such I read this book and am glad I did. It seemed like a well throughout plan, and I love the fact that someone else ( besides me ) feels that the USA has got to stop acting like a loser. Long story short, I just sent his campaign a check.
 In this book contains the opinions, reasons, and aspirations of a profoundly intelligent man about the situation of the USA. People call him all sorts of derisive names, but it's obvious to me that they are just parroting the propaganda of the establishment and media. "What's his policy on this and that, he only tells us vague things and changes the subject, and he's a total racist and misogynist!!!!!" Well, if you'd turn off your TV and read his books, you know what his stances are and that he's absolutely not a hateful person. But he is a man, and men do what men do. You don't like a strong man who says what is on his mind? Then don't say you know he is hateful or whatever. The subject matter in this book is far different than what you're gonna hear just about anywhere else. It may seem ridiculous at times, but if you have a head on your shoulders that doesn't feel obligated to go along with the brainwashing propaganda that we have been inundated with for about a century, you'll know it's anything but ridiculous. Reading his words is absolutely heart warming because it's been so long since someone has had the courage to risk everything to say what the citizens of the United States of America have been thinking for so long. This is a truly noble man with the heart of a lion.
 I wanted to read the book as soon as I heard of it. I am a die-hard supporter of Donald Trump, and firmly believe he is very qualified to make America great again. His common sense, no nonsense approach in dealing with our country's problems is exactly what we need. I am sick and tired of seing America get pushed around, laughed at by other governments. Of losing. It is time for America to be great, and it is time for America to be led by a strong leader we can be proud of. This book is a must-read for anyone wanting to know more about Trump himself and to really know what state our country is in. Excellant book! Highly recommend it to anyone.
 Years ago I registered for a Trump sponsored event empowering average people like me to understand investment strategies. On an average working salary, I managed to accumulate a comfortable amount of wealth and confidence. This book gives me hope that Trump has the know-how to make America Great again! He truly has respect and represents all hard working Americans. He repects those that produce and contribute, has an eye for talent and will eliminate the red tape that has paralyzed the political process. Trump has my vote for President.
 I voted for Mr. Trump in our primary, and will vote for him in the general election.  I thought he did a good job of identifying what is wrong in America today-- I can only hope he will be able to fix most of them if he is elected.
 Written just as he speaks, the book is easy to follow; a fun quick read. His plans make sense and even if you don't agree with them, there is something here for everyone.
 Yes, Trump is "larger than life" and his audacious personality sometimes rubs people the wrong way. To those folks I say this: For just a couple of minutes, ignore the TONE and focus on the WORDS. Mr. Trump doesn't just 'talk the talk'; he has 'walked the walk'. Yes, he experienced failure more than once when he was younger, but he recognized and, most importantly, he LEARNED from them. He lives his life -- and has earned his fortunes -- by believing in himself. Now he's pledging to give us back the country of which we used to be so proud. I am certain of this. Why? Because my 20's and 30's -- the pinnacles of all my career achievements -- took place in the 1960's through the 1990's... and I've personally watched the disheartening demise of every positive aspect of American life, beginning with Obama's first day in office. Although I didn't vote for him, I understood the significance of electing the first black (well, half black) president. The problem, however, is we were too focused on his color and not his meager resume. Let us not make the same mistake this year in our rush to elect the first female president. Hillary is questionably the most corrupt politician in American history (read the half-dozen books about her... they sure opened MY eyes! Think B&H founded the Clinton Foundation out of the goodness of their hearts? Think again! Read the book "Clinton Cash"), and her "accomplishments" are pretty much non-existent. Trump, however, funded his own campaign (do you really understand how AWESOME that is??! Do you think for a minute that Hillary would do that?) and clearly speaks his mind... just not in political rhetoric. And I also guarantee his demeanor and language would be completely different during negotiations; I speak with three decades of negotiations with the Defense Department under my own belt. GIVE TRUMP A TRY FOR 4 YEARS... if he fails to "make America great again" you can always go back to Queen Hillary. I'm sure the Wicked Witch of the East will still be around...
 Absolutely love Mr. Trump, this book opened the eyes of my mother in law, who had lived her entire life as a liberal-globalist leftist. She now regrets helping the democrats. She saw the light, woke up, and is now a staunch Republican.
 I am really glad I read this book. It is in line with what I believed about him from the speeches I have listen to. If you want to know the truth about Mr Trump, I think this book will help better understand him.
 I loved this book and highly recommend it to anyone who wants to know more about Mr. Trump. It is so positive that I may read kit again .
 I gained a different perspective of this man and felt he told his story and didn't hold back; not really any big surprise. I read this book looking to better understand Donald Trump and feel I accomplished that.
 OK, so it reads like a campaign speech. Still a great book with a LOT of ideas that make you think.  Whether you like "The Donald" or not, the book brings up a lot of points that make people uneasy, but need to be discussed. Trump's ideas are sometimes not very deep, but always hit dead center.
 I must admit, I am a "Reagan Conservative", a supporter of Mike Huckabee in the primaries, and quite a Trump skeptic. Having just finished reading this book, 5/29/16, I am no longer a skeptic, but an enthusiastic supporter!! I agree with every position stated in the book! Honest, fundamental,and necessary for America's future. Build the Wall, Strengthen our Military, Peace through Strength, End Obamacare, Simplify taxes, improve infrastructure, Energy independent, education at the local level, etc.... GO TRUMP!  Dr. Stanley E. Toompas, Optometrist & Author of , "I'm the One the Other Isn't"
 Clear, concise plan to fix this country. Time to drain the swamp!
 This book lays out a necessary plan to save America from the ravages of Democratic control over the last few decades. review image
 I checked out this audiobook free, as our library gives us OverDrive access for free. The book surprised me, as The Donald lay out some specific explanations for some of his grandiose plans to improve the United States. Specifically, he actually has a credible plan for Mexico border and illegal immigrants.  I encourage you to check it out wherever you get books!
 I doubted him before reading this book, this really made me reconsider a lot of issues.
 About time that someone finally stood up and shouted "The Emperor has no clothes". This country is in grave peril and unless we ditch the PC insanity, America will be finished. Donald Trump lays it all on the table. The specifics that the media keeps whining about are all right here.
 Our next President here lays it all out, this is where he stands on every major issue. I was not with him 100 percent during the primaries but now that they are over I decided to read this.  I now have no doubt that Trump truly needs to be the next President or America's future will be very dark. Clinton is the most corrupt politician since Tammany Hall days. She has,been an abysmal failure at her every job.  Trump has ideas that WILL work Don't be a fool and blindly follow the liberal media while the democrats destroy our country. This man actually HAS ideas that could work. Hillary will be more of the same while we dig the hole deeper and deeper.
 My friend let me borrow this book because I'm nervous about the upcoming election. I'm registered as a republican voter already, but I didn't know if I was going to have to write a name in instead of choosing Donald Trump. I knew I didn't want Hillary, every time I see her on tv, I think of someone wearing a mask.With that being said, I'm happy I read this book. I won't go into any details because I think people should pick it up and read it. He's not a racist. He's trying to improve our country before Hillary comes along to destroy it.
 Until now, no book has ever been written about fixing America's major problems by rebuilding the USA Brand. Just follow the global examples of other American successes like Walmart, Apple, Facebook, and Google, and Ford to understand how they created superior consumer and investor brand value and brand loyalty throughout the world. Until now, no author or US Presidential candidate has ever presented a USA integrated brand strategy focused on major issues and workable solutions. Donald Trump and his team did just that. After reading this, whether you love, hate or will vote for Trump or not, you will understand why he currently leads in national election polls and could win the 2016 Presidential Election.  Trump is recognized as a leading builder of brands, real estate and wealth in America. This latest book is actually an "instructional leadership guide" to increasing wealth and the value of the USA brand to benefit every American and ultimately its allies around the world. He wants and claims to make America's brand, USA that is, #1 again as a global brand. Without using marketing and finance jargon, Trump details the major critical issues underlying America’s brand value and his solutions for each. That is how any successful leading global company would lay out its comprehensive competitive brand strategy to win, create consumer value, create investor wealth and return on investment, and build sustainable brand loyalty.  This one short book, read in just a few hours, captures what most Americans believe is wrong with America. What I liked most are the easy-to-understand practical solutions to America's many complex issues. Trump offers solutions for our failing economy, healthcare system, educational system, drug war, foreign policy, defense policy, trade imbalance, budget overruns, immigration policies, and disastrous tax code.  Surprisingly, what is missing and not in this book is the typical political, socially idealistic treatise about conservative vs liberal divisive views on what's wrong with America -- racism, police brutality, abortion, greed, socialism. For that, just watch TV and read the newspapers.  Trump claims the American dream is disappearing. Parts of his unique, integrated solution and strategy are to create more “jobs” by helping small businesses who create most of the jobs in America, rebuilding America’s crumbling infrastructure, and growing and bringing back large American corporation jobs and billions of their investment dollars to America. But there is more.  As a 40 year veteran competitive strategy expert to global business and educational leaders, I can attest that the critical USA brand issues and value building solutions in this book are the most comprehensive, integrated, and optimally balanced … for the desired outcomes … that I have seen put forth by anyone inside or outside government circles in the last 50 years. No President or candidate has ever considered the USA as a brand with brand value to its many stakeholders. Read and Learn.
 Unfortunately, for anyone who develops and wants to be successful, pay to play has gotten to the point where it is the normal way to do business. It has really gotten that bad.. Clinton on the take is no different, If she wins it will simply be an endorsement of the way people are forced to do business, then everything will be fore-sale. I suggest to anyone interested in how this has come about should research the UN Agenda 21. It is what I call the "Green Wash Guide to Development" It is basically, a guide to using the law to legally steal, and bankrupt the nation under the mask of environmentalism. A good book is, "Behind The Green Mask". Then all you naive people will understand how Foundations like the Clinton Foundation thrive. It was written by a Democrat who independently discovered the truth about what has been happening. . Trump knows about it, and he has had to follow those guidelines to have his business success..Pay to Play. Every planner in every city in the US has had to follow these guidelines.Even your local government. You are no longer in control of your local government. The guidelines are on every urban planners book shelves, and is force fed in the planning schools of our Universities. It is a very sobering wake up call to this quiet take over of your local government under Agenda 21. If you research it, you will discover why there is such a panic against Trump, and why he has decided to run. It is about breakng up of control.of UN Agenda 21. The hysteria, to defeat him is why by everyone and government, public private partnership,, every establishment Republican and Democrat who has bought into UN Agenda 21 are afraid of him, call him names and try to find every way to smear him.. Maybe , you will get the bigger picture of what has been happening.
 It seems that every candidate for president, at least those who can read and write (or able to hire a ghost writer), publishes a book for the election campaign. Most unsold copies end up on the remnants shelf after the election. Some, for example John Kennedy's PROFILES IN COURAGE or Barry Goldwater's CONSCIENCE OF A CONSERVATIVE, live on. Most are soon forgotten. I cannot remember the title of Jimmy Carter's campaign book, but I do remember reading it and being very inspired by it.  Donald Trump will very likely become our next president, or so many hope. The prospect of Hilary Clinton as president sends shivers up the spine of almost every thinking citizen. The professional politicians, especially those in the Republican Party, are so nervous about a Trump victory that they are wetting their pants.  What does Trump stand for? What does he have to offer voters? What is his vision for the future of America? I'm not sure if one can find the answer to these questions, but CRIPPLED AMERICA is a goo place to start.
 Trump writes in a very simplistic manner, enough that anyone can understand. His getting things done policy goes like this: Idea->Evaluation->Hire the best-> On time, Under budget; He explains his main points and defends against some attacks. He also give you some background which shows how he has been so successful while giving a look into his family life. He puts the american people first, which is where we must start as a nation. This would be a great book, but he seems to try and shill his products. While he is only trying to prove his track record, it seems over the top at some points. Great information! I suggest this as a beginning point for anyone interested in Trump.
 I really enjoyed this book with Mr. Trump's well thought out ideas of how to fix our economy. This book proves that he had these ideas before he decided to run for the presidency. Along with his extensive and successful experience in running a large business successfully this shows he is more ready to be president than any we've had in the recent past.
 Great book and very good read. Everyone should buy this book and read it. It will help you understand the thinking of Mr. Trump and the plan to make America great again. America is facing some very serious problems. We need a tough leader who isn't a puppet for the special interest groups. It put hope in my heart for America's future, with him as President.
 Great book, by a man who truly loves America is how I titled this review.  Trump delivers in this book by outlining his plans to rebuild America and take back this country from the crap hole it has become of Political Correctness and third world thinking.  Our boarders are not secure by any amount of standards Liberals try to believe or try to tell you.  A lot of this book can be found simply by going to his website I've seen others say, but that is not entirely true. Yes a small part of it can, but the rest is his insight and thinking behind what he wants to do and why he wants to do it.  I highly suggest you pick up this book and smack a liberal or anyone in the face who is going to vote for a criminal like Hillary with this book.
 The man cuts to the chase and shows America what's wrong with our political system when so-the book I was not a Trump elitist (establishment) politicians try and fail to run our government. That's why we have a 19 trillion dollar Debt. People are tired of handouts to able bodied people. The are angry at the system. Before I read the book I was not a Trump supporter but after reading it I feel the same way
 It really makes all the sense. Before quick tongues judge Donald Trump, it'd be smarter for them to have a real knowledge of Trump's real political basics and thoughs, other than arguing his tv shows and so on.
 Good book. I just wish he talked more about the biggest problem we face today which is out of control government spending. Presently the only thing growing in America is BIG Government.
 Excellent book - trump has so much common sense. - we need him in charge for washing to turn some things around, but mostly for a more optimistic and patriotic atmosphere. I am amazed at the detail of each issue including foreign policy and the common sense solutions he puts forth.
 I give this book a YUUUGE 5 stars! Trump is the only person who can save America and protect us! A real man who we can truly trust to get the job done right. Read this book and you will see why. It is easy to read and understand Trump's common sense plans. When he is elected president you will appreciate the serious side of Trump and he will live up to his word of MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. God Bless Donald Trump.
 The greatest book my optic stems have had the pleasure of beholding. If you ever wondered what his plans for the country were, he spells it ALL out. The patriotic feeling after reading this glorious book is just an added bonus.
 If after reading this book you don't think Trump is the best man for the job you are un-American. He is a businessman with a business sense, not a crooked politician. He is exactly what America needs to take over as the Worlds greatest nation again.
 Donald Trump maps out his strategy to restore American greatness in a clear and concise way. From restoring lost middle class wealth to restoring our military strength and our image abroad. Trump knows how to build a winning plan and this is it. Americans are tired of losing ground , of losing their wealth and losing their children's future, Trump can and will restore it, read the book and find out how!
 Great read. I loved learning about Donald's plans on how to make america great again and about his past and the problems that are going on in this country.Donald Trump is the only presidential candidate that will get stuff done. He will definitive go down as one of the best presidents of the United States of America
 What is discussed in this fantastic book is exactly what America needs to get back on track. We need to make America great again!!
 AWESOME book this is the leadership USA needs will will be great again. All important topics covered plans put out for you to determine what Mr. Trump stands for and what he brings to the POTUS table.  Easy to understand so you make your own decisions......HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  Look for the next book when he is the official GOP Candidate!!!!
 Trump is the MAN! Great book and he's 100% that illegals must be deported because without a border we have NO country! A nation is no longer a nation without a border!
 I sat down at a bookstore cafe to read through the last copy of Crippled America left on the shelf and was impressed by the hard boiled style and common sense ideas. Donald Trump has an ear for dialog, in this case, the National Conversation. From the narrative here, you can tell that the Donald Trump you see on the news shows is simply trying to engage the reporters in that conversation. But most of them refuse to connect. (Reminds me of the reporters who tracked down George Clooney at the United Nations only to ask him what he made of the Brangelina break-up.) Now, everybody on TV is asking which Donald Trump is going to show up tonight for the first presidential debate. Well, if you ever invite Donald Trump into your home for family dinner, this is the one that'll show up.
 No Political Correctness here! Mr. Trump takes on America’s problems, created by liberal progressive policies, from foreign policy, to the economy, to creating jobs, to our education system and many more, one by one. He dissects each and provides a solution. This book provides a lot of answers to questions being asked by the mainstream liberal media who, either didn’t read it, just don’t get it, or intentionally ignored it.  This book doesn’t prove Mr. Trump is a conservative, but proves he is not a liberal. It proves that he is tough, creative, a thinker, a job creator, an extremely successful businessman, and most importantly a man who is not controlled by big money donors, lobbyists, and special interest groups. It proves, at least to me, that he is a political outsider, a successful businessman, and the only man running for president of the United States who is up to the task of taking on the politician establishment and winning, to solve America’s problems and make America great again.  The book may not convert a left wing liberal, devout socialist, or other closed minds and non-thinkers. But, for conservatives, moderates, the educated unemployed, avid readers, and anybody with an open mind, it provides a look into Mr. Trump’s head and provides a picture of a man we are not seeing portrayed on talk radio or our idiot box. He is obviously far more intelligent than his critics.
 Well worth a read. Thoughtfully written and provides some insight into our failing government and economy for those new to the subject.  Trump is a powerful and ambitious businessman, and it would be potentially game-changing for this great country if he was elected. He attempts to showcase he eligibility in this book and I believe that he nailed it.
 I wanted to know what he has to say and it is a rehash of what he has been saying on TV. It is wise to read politician's books just to make sure you catch any hidden agendas. There are so many of them who hide it on TV and have clearly stated their views in their books.
 Trump has the reputation of keeping his word. A tough contender who would follow through on what he says he will do as president, in my vciew
 A man who can restore this great country back to greatness!!!! Fantastic book.
 Trump for President, for law and order and for making America great again!
 This a great summary of the details of Trump's plan to revive a "crippled nation" and "Make America Great Again." It is amazing that Trump can run a major international business, run for president, and still get out an up-to-date book on his candidacy. This book came out around the time of the third debate and included info on the first two debates. He knows how to get things done and is reminiscent of Ronald Reagan and JFK (who could never get the Democrat nomination today).  He wants to strengthen the military and the business sector as well as repealing Obamacare, stopping illegal immigration, ending anchor babies, reversing the Iran nuke deal, supporting the Second Amendment right to bear arms, protecting religious freedom (which nowadays means Christianity which is always under attack), restoring our infrastructure, and simplifying the tax code to help the middle class.  But it is his attitude that attracts people. He wants to be a cheerleader for America and make it a country which is winning and leading again. He is tired of a foreign policy where our allies have no trust in us and our enemies have no fear of us and do not respect us. He calls Obama an embarrassment. This is a country in decline.  This is in contrast to Obama who wants America to remain weak so he and his leftist supporters can take over. His main objective is to make America a majority minority country as quickly as possible. This why he supports illegal immigration and settling dangerous refugees as well as thwarting any voter ID laws. They will help him attain his goals as soon as possible. When whites become a minority you can be sure minority rights will disappear and the new emphasis will be on majority rights for all the other minority groups making up this new majority.  His plan is for America to become an even bigger welfare state by attracting these foreigners. They will then vote for Democrats to maintain their welfare benefits. The Democrats will stay in power by promising more benefits which will attract more immigrants. All this will continue until the country goes bankrupt and a major economic crisis ensues.  One of the main elements supporting this policy of decline is all the liberal whites who vote Democrat. These people are guilt-ridden and self-loathing even though they have done nothing wrong. We need to encourage people to stand up for America and Trump is the man to lead us.
 After reading this book I could not help but think about how the mentioned issues affect choices Americans have to make in their everyday lives. I have learned that Mr, Trump is correct on all accounts. He sees things the way they are and talks about them the way they are. There is no political correctness on his part. His book eventually led me to write my own (Choices) book on how choices are being deliberately and systematically taken away from liberty loving Americans. Mr. Trump's book is a must read for every American. The madness has to stop before we run out of choices.
 This is an excellent book. I could not put it down. I am so certain that Mr. Trump needs to be elected as our president. I have been telling people about the book and cannot do it without tears because it's so refreshing to see someone like him!!!!!!! He's doing it on his own and is not afraid to say what he believes!! And he gives a long list of what needs to be fixed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!! He's got it all - money, beautiful family and on and on. Now he wants to do what should have been done long ago for the American people and the world! God bless him and help him on his journey!!
 This book is a must read! Forget the crazy things Trump does off the cuff in front of the cameras which can be so very annoying. The material in this book reflects his TRUE feelings of U.S. policy and where this nation needs to go to get back on track. He needs to read his own book and get back to the basics of making America great again.
 Very informative gives great details on how to fix our problems in our Country.
 Bought the book to get a better feel of the man that is running for our President. I would now like to see a Trump/Cruz ticket! God Bless America...I want our country back and our rights, before they are taken away from us!
 I was looking for more insight into the man Donald Trump. I was skeptical of his values during the primary elections, because of the persona he displayed during the debates. After reading "Crippled America", I could not find one thing that I disagreed with! We need leadership in our country that has been lacking for years. Donald Trump could be that missing leadership that will renew and restore our country.
 Great book! The Art of the Deal is the absolute best, but I give this 2 thumbs up.
 If he can do 1/2 of what he says, America will be 500 times better than it is. Time to try running the country like a business and see what gets done. I thoroughly enjoyed his no nonsense style of thinking and writing.
 Donald Trump is my choice for President. This book solidified it. He may come across as a egotistical nut, but under that facade is a man of incredible abilities and stamina. Doubters should read it.
 One of the one-star reviews by the imaginatively titled username "Amazon customer" states the following on 9/26:  "Whenever i read this i become veiled in white supremacy and ignorance."  A review on Crooked Hillary's "Stronger Together" on the same day (9/26) gives a 5-star review accompanied with the words: "Amazing book."  I am balancing out this fake review.
 WELL WRITTEN! THIS COUNTRY IS IN SERIES TROUBLE AND WE NEED SOMEONE LIKE DONALD TRUMP TO RUN IT. I HAVE READ HIS OTHER BOOKS IN THE PAST. DONALD TRUMP HAS ALL THE FACTS TOGETHER AND I BELIEVE THAT HE CAN SOLVE A LOT O PROBLEMS THAT ARE HAPPENING IN THIS COUNTRY TODAY. GO DONALD.
 When I opened the box I immediately felt America become a little greater. As I examined the crispness of the pages and the crackle of the binding as it was being opened for the first time, I realized that it wasn't a book at all, instead I found a declaration of American greatness unrivaled in the pages of history. I hadn't yet read the first words of the book, but I knew with 100% certainty that I was holding one of the great books of all time. Crooked Hillary's book is a total losing failure, just like her campaign against reality, when it is clear that President Trump is inevitable.
 I also bought 50 bumper stickers fro Trump on amazon. this guy is the best thing to happen to this country in a hundred years. Obamanation is the sickest thing that has ever happened to this country and you have a lot of people on here that have never read any of Donald's books being haters and lashing out at him. wow, its really sad. He will none the less win in 2016 and he will make this nation great again after so many have tried to trash it for eight long years:) Mr Trump is fantastic and this book is freaking excellent, but not much different than the other 50 hours I have also already watched him on you tube for the last 3 months. I have seen every single speech he has made and he does one about every other day in some state somewhere:) The ft worth speech so far was the best. This man is beyond great for this country. exactly what we need. Single issue voters that really don't care about the long term survival, health and success of our nation will disagree.
 Awesome...easy to read, informative, and enjoyable.
 It took only 36 hours for two of us to read every word. Important and relevant because it looks at issues from another view... a view different from what we can get in the media. We have not been getting full information. The truth is missing in our society. We all need to THINK and wake up and use our common sense. While not agreeing with every strategy or policy in the book, the consensus in our household: "If Trump can do even 1/3 of these things as President, we could have self-respect as a nation and respect again in the world." We have traveled extensively in 80 countries in the last 10 years. We have seen and experienced the sore decline of our country in the world with our own eyes. Other countries actually get more truthful news than we do. The eyes of the world look to us in the USA for leadership. Without clarity in the US, most of the world is rudderless and adrift. It is our birthright and our responsibility. Our minds, hearts and eyes must become wider than our little suburban neighborhoods. Things are very wrong in our world. We must change almost everything now for the young people, for our country, our cities, our states, and for the world.
 After reading both candidate'a books, I can say with a clear conscious that Trump's is far more entertaining and an easier read. Hillary's was really boring and repetitive and didn't sound like her, as her older books did. Trump and whoever worked on this did a great job. It was very well put together.
 Politics have brought Mr. Trump into my life. Yes, I knew he was out in the world but not in the world that particularly concerned me. When he threw his hat into the race for President of the United States, he knowingly stepped into quicksand. I have become his fan. Yes, I have cringed at some of his words in interviews but I have applauded more. He is a refreshing voice for the Americans who miss how this country used to be. I never watched his television show - not even once. But, if it were my decision to make - Mr. Trump, You Are Hired!!!
 Obviously reviewers who gave 1 star are Hillary supporters. Trump has the big balls to point out the important issues of America, that were covered by Political Correctness forced by left liberalism. By the way, I was a moderate Democrat for last 20 years until I listened Trump's speech and read his books in this year.
 Great book! It is uncanny how all that Trump has been preaching about (including some of the stuff in this book) is coming true before our eyes. For example, it should be clear to most Americans by now that we need to secure our borders after the recent incidents in France. It is now clear that Obamacare is imploding before our eyes and needs to be repealed: http://www.ocregister.com/articles/obamacare-691964-government-insurance.html Trump and his book are not perfect, but they are far better than any of the other options we have right now. Highly recommended reading for those who really want to do the right thing even if the right thing may be difficult.
 Pretty much everything every politician has been too scared to say for the past 75 years -- which is why this book is probably the best written work since the inception of papyrus. Not for the easily triggered, The_Donald gives you the straight on every line of this map back to greatness.
 To those who think they know Donald J Trump, but have never read any of his books, I challenge you to read this one! Donald opens up and tells it like it is. He outlines his strategies for 'Making America Great Again'. Just remember, HE DOESN'T HAVE TO DO THIS FOLKS. He loves the 'United' States of America and wants to do his best to Bring Her Back From The Brink. This is possibly our last opportunity. Just read the book and then make your choice. Don't be fooled by sound bytes and pundents.
 Oh Trump. I admire you so! I've been a huge fan of Trump for YEARS and am so glad he wrote another book. Really helped break through the media coverage on the guy during his campaign and lets the reader know exactly where he stands on a number of issues. My 12 year old son is so interested in the election BECAUSE OF Trump and has asked to read this book. I'm glad Trump is getting all ages fired up about the election! Great book. Fast read. Thanks for writing it. And thanks Amazon for supplying it. :-)
 This is another "step in the right direction" kind of book. Trump moves the Overton Window to the right and that is so desperately needed by American society at this point. I enjoyed the bulldog voice the book is written in. Circumstances truly are dire and major shake-up is needed. Someone who has spent his entire career in the free market, building things, is exactly the man for the job.
 We have the worse in the W.H. now...what a dumb mistake America...we should all be ashamed..Guilt made you vote for him ?? Trump is a Fire cracker...yes!!! what he touches turns to gold...You cant keep him down...insults don't effect him..he has a goal and he's going for it. I remember the Pride America had in the 40's and 50's...but the America we have now is a shame and a weak nation in the view of the world. Yes!!! Trump will bring us back....and he will easily win a 2ed term...
 The book is written in layman terms. I mean the language is about as basic as it gets which I can definitely appreciate in certain subjects. Trump must've said "Make America Great Again" a thousand times in the first 3 chapters (wish I kept count). Other than that the book was good and had a no nonsense attitude during the whole thing which I can appreciate. Although it feels like the book was rushed out the door since he is running for president.
 This book gave a very clear understanding of Donald Trump, his values and how he handles life. A very good book and a book that clearly shows how Mr. Trump would handle the job of president should he win.
 This man is right on target!...no wonder the the left wing, whiny, ignorant, victim mentality, entitled, "please pay for my EVERYTHING because I want big government to take care of me" people hate him...GOD HELP US ALL!!!!!!!!.....By the way, Hillary should be in prison, NOT THE PRESIDENT!!!...WAKE UP AMERICA BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!....
 The truth hurts and that is what this book addresses. Putting other nations' needs before our own and not taking action when and where needed despite public opinion. Trump is an ivy leaguer who does not group think and he calls it as he sees it. We should all thank him for his honesty.
 Glad the book was ordered and read immediately. Mr. Trump is both refreshing as an author as he is on stage. He tells it like it is and doesn't come across embellished in any way. If you're a fan, by all means get it and read it. You'll be nodding your head as you read it and thinking, "Here is someone tough who has the skills and mindset to accomplish what's needed to be done, not to mention, for our country to be respected again."
 Mr. Trump lays out a great plan for America and the world. He offers experience, determination, and fantastic leadership to all of us. Fight on, Mr. Trump. We stand with you!
 This is truly a good book in which Mr. Trump spells out many of the problems that America faces and once again proves the fact to me that we are currently at a major crossroad that will define whether the USA will continue or just proceed on the present course to ruination that the democratic party has forced us into. Another book that should be read is Stealing America by Dinesh D'Souza.
 It’s a sad day in America when over sensitive liberals are dismissing Donald Trump because he is “too mean”. To them, this makes him unfit to be president, but the MANY things Hillary Clinton is being accused of AND investigated for; Benghazi, the e-mail scandal, accepting millions from the Middle East (all while pretending to be for women’s rights and LGBT rights, where those people are killed and mistreated in those countries) are okay. COME ON! Mr. Trump, you are certainly on to something. America is currently crippled, and something needs to be done about it!  This book covers the MANY topics that Trump stands for and can be seen in his speeches; Illegal immigration, terrorism, media and political corruption, etc. After reading through this book, my eyes have been opened to the corruption that exists in politics. This becomes clear when you take a look at how the media twists and turns everything Trump says into something negative. He says that he wants to keep ILLEGAL immigrants out of the country, and all of a sudden upholding the law is racist (This is from Chapter 3). Give me a break!  Anybody who plans on voting should have to read this book first, because if they do, they’ll easily see that Donald Trump has America’s best interest in mind!
 Mr. Trump does layout plans in this book but those that want to keep politicians in the office always say he doesn't . Trump will make America great again.
 I think Trump did a great job with this book. Descriptive, straight forward, sincere, honest. Where do these qualities derived: "I learned how to be direct, how to be honest, and how to stand up for my beliefs from my father" - Donald J. Trump. Reading this would allow those interested, to get up to speed on where Donald stands on the political issues, economy, ideas and policy. Success!
 I found this to be a very interesting book. Not only do you learn about him and his family you Latham his plans for America. They make a lot of sense. You learn how the wall will be paid for,what he's going to do about taxes, his ideas about schools and how to make them better, his ideas about rebuilding the infrastructure in our country and many other plans. I believe you will like this book.
 An in-depth explanation of how to Make America Great Again. Well laid out. Precise details. Quick read. Has a section of great pictures.
 What really needs to occur, if America is to continue to exist. It's either globalism or nationalism, and globalism is not going to bid well for America.
 Mr Trump may get a chance to put his ideas in place. We'll see if he gets swallowed up by DC like every other person who has been sent there by voters.
 I wanted to know his thoughts on America & what he would do if her were elected. This book laid it out in plain & simple terms.
 A must read all people that want to make america great again what's great about donald trump is that he speaks and tells it like it is.we I : need him in the white house out with the old politics and in with the new
 Extremely easy read and very clear on where Donald stands on issues and why he feels the way he does. Very insightful.
 Skip to chapter 3 cause that's when the good stuff starts. This book will convince anti-Trumpsters that they should vote for Trump.
 Donald Trump is the perfect person for president at this time in history. He will counteract the acute progressivism of the Obama administration and get the Republicans off dead center. I imagine he will make the middle class as good as it was from 1945 to 1975. MLee
 Loved the insight into Trump and continue to prove to myself that he is a "What you see is what you get" guy.
 Loved reading his ideas on how to rebuild our country & get it moving forward rather than regressing or stagnant.
 Enjoyed listening to what has been in need of saying for about the past 20 years. Trump reads the forward, but another reader takes over from there. Would have gotten 5 stars if the author had read the whole book, for authenticity.
 Full disclaimer: I had two other Republican candidates I would rather have seen at the top of the pack, and I had serious reservations about Mr. Trump. Where am I now? (see below) I purchased this book because I wanted to obtain a clearer view of what Donald Trump stood for, and I certainly wasn't getting it from the mainstream media outlets who only offered what would sell their product (and allow them to grind their axes). I wasn't disappointed. Trump outlined his overall direction of where he would lead the country. Some people might have felt has vague on some points, but I grant Mr. Trump some latitude in this area. I am tired of politicians telling me whatever they think I want to hear and then doing whatever they want to do once elected to public office. I prefer Mr. Trump's method of telling me his overall views and offer some ideas without making firm commitments. For the detractors who don't like this approach, Mr. Trump reminds us that in these convoluted issues, he believes it is important to get input from everyone at the table before making decisions. Mr. Trump has already proved time and time again that he is not opposed to making the hard decisions once the fact-gathering is over. As of today (3/5/16), both of my preferred candidates have dropped out of the race. However, reading this book has given me new insight into who Donald Trump is and what he stands for, and while I am very interested in who he might choose for a VP, I no longer feel that a vote for Trump is just a vote against the other party. I recommend you read the book and form your own opinion.
 It was a good book and I recommend reading it especially for those that really want to try to grasp what Trump wants for America which in my opinion is for Americans to be proud and prosper. I see this as a good thing but hey that is my opinion. He also gives a great perspective on the country and its problems as a person who is not a career politician. Many may call him narcissistic but he is someone who has lived with American policies and sees what they have done to our country and how they have tied the hands of many businesses small and large from prospering. Read the book and look things up for yourself before you decide. Sometimes it is a good thing to step back from blind beliefs and open yourself to new ideas and new ways of thinking.
 Mr. Trump is spot on with every subject he wrote about. What amazes me is the book was so up to date that he was discussing events that took place just weeks prior to my purchase. I purchased the book about 3 weeks ago.
 This was a very enlightening and detailed plan for what Trump sees as the future of America . I believe everyone should read this book - it lays out the plan and the details enough so that a layperson can see what Trump sees for our future. Let's all vote to make America GREAT AGAIN!
 Trump is a brilliant business man, a very tough no-nonsense guy but a true gentleman, his honor, loyalty & kindness to vets is a breath of fresh air he has my respect, exactly what this country needs
 Definitely a 5-star book. I encourage you to read this if you want to understand Trump's beliefs, where he stands on issues and what he has accomplished. You will get a clear picture of the person he is and how he plans to make America great again. He has the vision, the experience, the work ethic and the fearless leadership skills that our country needs right now at this critical juncture. It's best to hear directly from a person, not through the media where words and meanings can be skewed. If you are on the fence as I was, this book will help to clarify any misperceptions so you can make an educated decision.
 Great book and a great man. America finally has a real leader with answers not just talk.
 In the movie, "The Longest Yard", the star, prisoner Paul Crew is throwing the football game between the prisoners and the guards because he has been threatened with a longer prison sentence by the warden. After the prisoners show their disapproval, Crew takes himself out of the game, watching his fellow prisoners being violently pummeled by the guards during the game. He comes to the realization that helping his fellow teammates and beating the guards, while detrimental to him, was the best course of action. He gets back in the game and is sacked and beaten because his teammates won't block for him. Players on the sideline wonder what his motivation is. What is in it for him. Finally one player states something like "Maybe he's just trying to win the game."  People keep wondering what Donald Trump's con is. What is he getting out of running for President. Why would he give up a great deal of his freedom, damage business relations with Macys, NBC, and others? Trump addresses much and this and more in his book. We come to find that regardless of upbringing or perceived advantages, he has the same regard for our country's great history and success. While he is not blind to our mistakes, he is able to remind us of the great values and hope the United States of America represents and a leadership philosophy that will benefit us all.  The moral of the story? Maybe he's just trying to win for America!
 I purchased my copy while at the grocery store on a whim. I must say, I am more and more impressed with Mr. Trump. Yeah, he doesn't have the polished speak that we have all been trained to expect but if you really watch and lesson to him he makes a lot of sense. I find that hearing him on TV makes me feel better about a lot of things that have really been getting me down for some time now. I find him inspiring but more than that....I feel safe... not sure why but I am following his campaign and will update if I put my finger on just what it is that is making me feel the optimism about America that I have been missing. FYI: I have been a voting Democrat all my life. However, I usually vote more as a independent and have become more conservative as I have become older.
 The title accurately reflects the contents. It's unique to have a candidate for the oval office describe America's problems and the solutions he would seek to implement, no matter who that would impact who is currently benefiting from the utterly corrupt government, rather than pander to people like the dumbocrat loser and liar. In only two terms the Muslim-Racist-in-Chief has increased the debt by an incredible 82%, gutted the military, regulated the economy to stagnation, widened an already open border, enabled a nuclear Iran, killed millions of jobs, killed the medical system, corrupted dozens of government agencies, declared open hunting season on innocent Americans for Muslim killers for Islam, etc., ad nauseam. If anyone has a chance to begin to reverse America's decay and decline it's Trump who has a proven record of successful leadership by solving difficult problems as a means to creating enormous wealth and thousands of jobs. These are skills not possessed, appreciated, or even recognized by the degenerate liberal punditocracy and media who get paid for blather, not results.
 A recap of previous. But an excellent reminder of why we need him to be elected,
 Great read, lays out Trump's philosophy pretty clearly. Trump 2016, all the way!!
 Very good read. Trump lays out a pretty good road map for what he wants to do as president.
 If you want to hear what Donald Trump really thinks, without some journalist's cut and paste "edit job" until it makes no sense, this book is for you. It's MUCH better written than I thought it would be.
 I learned a lot about Trump reading this book. He is for America and truly wants to make America great again. He shares his vision and plans which gives me hope. After reading his book I see the real Trump. He now has my vote for president!
 Make America Great Again..... Yes, this man really means it. Being a politician is not a career, it is a responsibility. Trump has been very successful in his business. His company survived the real estate crash. The most important thing which makes Trump lead the race is his daring efforts to bring the real issues in spotlight. The politicians in Washington DC know that the Government is bleeding money, but they don't dare to talk about it. I like his claim that if the Chinese can build a wall 13,000 miles long, why can't we build a wall for 2000 miles. There is no obligation for the US to take care of the illegal immigrants. Also his stance on the military is very valid, we have our military people protecting other nations without any payback, why should we do that? This man has a great vision and a clear agenda unlike other politicians who are in race just for power and money. This guy will have my family's vote. God Bless America!!!!!
 I normally will not purchase political books but found I could not resist ordering this one. I have to admit I was intrigued and impressed with Mr. Trumps articulate ability to explain his goals in his bid for the White House. There are details, and specifics. I know the media has been bashing him so I did some independant checking of the details provided here and by other candidates. Mr Trump hasn't fallen short, in fact on some issues he goes into far more detail then anyone else. This was easy for the average reader to follow and not fall asleep while reading it. Honest and to the point he deals head on with the issues and concerns most of us see going on. Well worth the read if you want more detail on his plan without the media sound bites and glib commentary. Smart move Mr. Trump.
 Donald Trump has always been controversial. Now he is a leading candidate for president of the United States. With this book he would like to sit down with you and tell you why he is best qualified to be president. He covers many issues in more detail than his stump speech will allow. They include job creation, immigration, Obamacare, budget deficits and the debt, tax reform, guns, police, veterans, religion and foreign-policy. You will not find any soaring rhetoric in this discourse and there is no lack of hubris or criticism of the media. He attempts to present commonsense solutions to the problems he believes America faces today. He will tell you why his background and success have prepared him to be president. Whether or not you agree with him, the key issues mentioned in this book provide an excellent template or basis upon which to judge the positions of the other candidates of both parties.
 The book definitely gave me an insight as to the character and integrity of Donald Trump. It also gave me an insight as to his plans for AmericsI. We don't get to see the real man from the media and this gives a better picture. It is short and to the point. Not a lot of depth, but at least gives you His platform. If you are trying to increase your knowledge of who Trump is, it is definitely worth reading.
 In what may be his best book yet, no offense to "The Art of the Deal," Donald J. Trump outlines his bold vision to make America greater than ever before! Bold, brash, and brilliant, Trump applies the principles he has mastered for success in business to break through government bureaucracy and mediocrity. A must read for the naysayers who no longer believe in American Exceptionalism and the ability of our people to do what others think impossible!  Not since Ronald Reagan has the Republican Party been so poised to win all 50 states as it is with Donald J. Trump! "Crippled America" explains why!!  A great companion book to America at Sunset: The End of Pax Americana
 If you have doubts about Trump, listing to this book will help you understand why we need him in the white house. He is pragmatic and has the energy and passion to ACTUALLY GET THINGS DONE. Combine that with not being beholden to the interests of high wealth donors, and you get a President who really is for the people! The founding fathers did not intend "Politician" to be a lifelong career. Trump doesn't need to be president, he could make more money and live a more pleasant life doing what he's already doing (listen to the 1980s Oprah interview where he said he wasn't interested in running, and would only do it if he felt the country really needed him).. He's running for president to serve the people.
 If every American read "Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again" Donald Trump would carry all 50 States in the November election for the Presidency! What an amazing plan to Make America Great Again. Every voter needs to read this entire book before they cast their vote.
 This book gives me hope for the future of a country under Donald J Trump. Trump provides policies which make sense and addresses critiques of his policies from others. I'd go more in depth, but why listen to me when you can hear it from the man himself? Give it a read.
 If Donald Trump enacts what he believes and if he will work to unite congress and legislate for the benefit of America and the American people as he professes he will then this is a book worth reading.;
 I finished Writing my second book in 2012. I was a bit concerned about my writing in regards to the current state of the U.S.. I was very much pleased when I read Mr. Trump's book. His attitude and assessments of todays problems with the U.S. are the exact same as mine. So nice to see a real American want to do the right things in this world full of disgraceful typical politicians. If the man can change one thing while in office that is actually going to help the U.S.. He will be the first president who was actually FOR the U.S. instead of just OF!!!!!! A must read for any true American and any politician who really wants to do something good while in office. A Great Book!!!!
 America has developed a need for great persons. Many have created the best country in the world,because it's needs. We now have a vision that can bring back our greatness and it's called Trump.
 Trump keeps it simple and right to the point. For some reason, people deem it necessary to believe the problems this country faces can only be solved by some complicated solution. Individuals bash Trump endlessly...why? Because the truth hurts! Just take a look at the names of the people with negative reviews on here for this book. Most of them sound like foreign names to me.
 Great Book.. A great read. The Donald tells it like it is and the likes of the libtards don't like it... Bezos who owns the WP is biased towards Clinton... of course, big money talks.. and the rest of us stay poor and unheard.
 He explains why the name of the book and why the angry face in the book. Those who complain about it obviously have not read it. This is Mr. Trump's plan to make America better again. After reading the book, I think he wants to place his name all over America rebuilding our infrastructure, knowing he had something to do with buildings that will last centuries. He wants the world to again see the greatness in our country. Sure he has a ego, but that is what drives those who want to succeed. I suggest you read this book and you decide what you think of Donald Trump and don't let anyone else tell you what he will do or what they think of him, especially the media.
 I'll be honest: This book really gave me the answers to some of the questions that I might of had regards to Trump. I have never been a political person and I hate political correctness. I am only 23 years old and the last thing on my mind is politics anyway. But for some reason this election just consumed me, I became so involved aka obsessed in finding out who Trump really was. I did so much research, but almost everything I came up with was so biased and so anti-Trump that at a point I stopped watching the news and I stopped reading any political articles and stories. To me one of the biggest questions was, what is the media hiding and why are they so scared of Trump? Also why are they misconstruing phrases and trying to start a civil war or something in America? It's like they wanted to divide America. That scared me. At that point I knew something was up. When this book came out, it felt like it was an answer to my prayers. I really wanted to know who Trump was. Why he said some of the things he did. What he stands for. What does he want to change and most importantly what can HE do for America. The thing I loved most was that all the answers weren't fabricated and they weren't from a second or third source. It was from Trump himself. I was able to read about where he stands on so many political issues, policies and what not. I absolutely enjoyed this book and maybe because I felt like he shared a little bit of his soul with me, and I was able to relate and understand him more. By the time I finished the book I truly felt convinced that he really did care about American and the people that live here. Just wanted to say, THANK YOU PRESIDENT-ELECT and good luck!
 This book mirrored in perfect prose all the many grievances I bare in regards to the horrible state of our United States of America. Donald Trump is the embodiment of the American dream; with his natural leadership and unnatural business acumen he is someone I can support -and most certainly will, as a presidential candidate in 2016.
 Donald is the definition of success. If only all his haters would read this book then maybe they would change their perspectives on him.  He is the best presidential candidate we had in a long long time.
 I couldn't understand why people were voting for Donald Trump. After reading this book I GET IT! He is not what the media leads us to believe. A must read even if you don't agree politically, morally or with his hair style!
 By no means is The United States of America the worst place to live, but it CAN BE the Best Place in the World to Grow Up, Raise your Family and Live, ONCE AGAIN.  As Mr. Trump stated in his book: 1. Our infrastructure is crumbling. 2. Our southern borders are a mess and illegal immigration must stop now. 3. Obamacare is garbage and helped increase the cost of medical care. 4. Washington is broken, from the President to both Houses of Congress. 5. Our Defense has been depleted and we need to become the most powerful nation again. 6. Our economy and National Debt have been ignored and abused for too long. To our President and Congress - $19 trillion of debt is treated like it doesn't exist. 7. The Second Amendment IS NOT THE PROBLEM. America will not give up her guns. 8. Our economy should be treated by the Government just like the Business Community handles it's Balance Sheet - Profitability. Too many people are unemployed (and not reporting their joblessness to our Government) and underemployed (yours truly) and prospects from this book look to change the employment of those citizens. 9. The lobbying community in Washington is influencing too many Senators and Congressmen and costs the American people way too much money. 10. The Income Tax code Must Be simplified.  I wrote this review right before the Iowa Caucuses and the New Hampshire Primary. It is obvious to me only one viable Presidential candidate exists. That candidate is not: Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Ted Cruz Marco Rubio All of the the afore mentioned candidates represent too much of the "Status Quo" in Washington D.C.  The only choice we as Americans have to become President Elect later in 2016 is DONALD TRUMP  Wake up America and Become Great Again and Elect DONALD TRUMP President of the United States Of America in 2016.
 Forget the out of context sound bites from the leftist media, this book tells you what Trump really stands for. There is no racism no hatred, no right wing radicalism, it is simply common sense. I find it hard to disagree with anything Trump says.
 Similar to Trump's earlier book, "Time To Get Tough," but contains his updated policy positions and observations from the campaign trail. After reading these two books, very easy to see why Trump has been the dominant front runner...so far. Beware: You will find lots of straight talk, common sense and good conservative ideas in here. Though, it can be argued that not all of his ideas are 100% conservative.
 Very insightful book. Well written and thoughtful! So many people aren't giving Donald the opportunity but if they would look at his experience, look at his business knowledge, realize that he is already President/CEO of hundreds of organizations and already has numerous successful international trade deals in place - they would realize that he is the only candidate that even has the ability to get the job done!
 Trump clearly states how he would solve our nation's problems. States how the media distorts the news and tries to manipulate news. States how his family influenced his values, how the nation should return to a country of laws, and how he thinks the government should put its citizens first. Lower taxes for middle class and for corporations. Immigration should protect its citizens.
 Everyone should read this book to understand what this man is about. All presidential candidates should be required to write a book to explain their viewpoints because the media twists everything around. This book is well written and easy to read. You might find yourself surprised to agree with a lot of Mr. Trumps ideas. And my guess is you will never really understand what they are until you read this book.
 Donald Trump is a true American! He tells it like it is and no one owns him. The only Presidential candidate who has what it takes to help bring back jobs and return the diminishing middle class in this Country. He cares about making this country great again.
 Mr. Trump spells out his plan to make America great again with details.  Everything that guy does has to be EXCELLENT in order to meet his approval and he speaks his mind! He espouses traditional American values and is every bit a patriot.  Nobody better to trust with the project of rebuilding American greatness!  Time for straight talk! Time to get things done! The time is NOW for TRUMP!
 I doubt that he will win but we can't afford another 4 years of lies and weak leadership. If only more people would read this book they would get a better impression of Trump.
 Got crippling diarrhea after reading the synopsis on the back of the book. Ran to the bathroom but was out of toilet paper. Thankfully I had plenty of paper in the book!
 My husband ordered this book, and as soon as it arrived I started reading it. Mr. Trump expands on his "sound bites" of how he wants to make America great again. From creating jobs, Constitutional rights, foreign relations, immigration....it's all here to read and decide for yourself whether you want to support him or not. I think it's a great read, and I will encourage everyone I know to read it now.
 Fantastic book, haven't read something this good in years. I'm way more excited for November 8, 2016.
 The Donald loves his Country. He is a good American and wants to return the favor that our USA has bestowed on him. This is his how he thinks that can be done.
 Donald cares deeply about this country. This book is so worth a read. A very intelligent leader.. huge vision, love and clear. He believes in quality. This country seriously needs him. Good reading! I learned a lot...
 You can't stump the trump.
 Anyone who wants to be educated about the Presidential candidates must read this book. This book lays out his vision for America And how he plans to achieve them. (the proceeds from the sales of this book go to Veterans!) And may I add, The Art of the Deal exposes Trumps true integriy.
 Donald tells it like it is. He's an extremely successful business man and very tuned in to what's going on around us in America and the rest of the world.  I like his books. I have several.
 This was a good read. I'm not from the United States. But, I think Trump did a good job explaining some of the issues there, and what he thinks would best address those issues/ concerns. He wouldn't be Trump without a few out there quotes (lol) but overall great read.
 Great read. review image
 Trump rocks in this book. Love the picture on the cover.  Tells the truth about the bad shape this country is in.  TRUMP 2016!
 Wonderful Educational book on the Facts of what is going on in America and what needs to be done to heal it.
 This book actually isn't about calling out at people and talking trash about them he actually brings up good points about how to fix America.
 Donald Trump explains in very simple terms what he will do as our president. People should not doubt Mr. Trump's dedication to this country. He really does want to make this country great again. He is self-funded which means he isn't owned by special interest groups. There hasn't been a presidential candidate like him ever in U.S. history. We must vote him in and allow him to use common sense to correct all the problems created by politicians that have been bought and sold by big business and special interest groups.
 When offered this book, I almost did not purchase it because it is not my usual read and I thought I would not like it. I am so glad I read it - Finally, someone who not only says what they want to do for our Country but tells how they will accomplish doing it. I found it to be interesting and exciting reading how to make America great again. I just pray that happens and it is not just words spoken to gain political clout.
 Amazing blueprint on how our next President will Make America Great Again. His practical solutions are all laid out in this Best Seller. Sadly, America is a Crippled nation. But with Mr. Trump's leadership America's best days lay ahead.
 Really good and informative. He talks about issues that the United States should be concerned about....like China. I learned a lot
 Donald Trump writes the way he speaks--clearly and simply. When you have finished reading this book you will have a much better idea of who he is and what he believesl This book was written by a man who loves his country. Over the years he has figured out what needs to be done to restore America.
 Excellent book to read. It has some really interesting stuffI enjoyed it a lot. It contains lots of factual information. great read. I would also consider "Barack Obama George W Bush & The American Dream" and "DECLARE the Islam Saga and Terrorism". Very good complementary info.
 Is edited, or could be. Was pleased with where he stands on taxes , jobs, health care, religion. And of course finance. Though people couldn't doubt that, they tried.
 Finally a book that isn't a million pages (Hillary's which I did not read); instead a clear and concise account of how to make America great again! It's good to have a powerful slogan (lest we forget "hope and change") and more importantly still A POWERFUL MAN TO MAKE IT TRULY HAPPEN! I will say this regarding the debates; a big fuss was made about the last debate and how unfair the moderators were and I can tell you something I definitely read in Trump and agree with him on. NONE OF THEM COMPARE TO THE MEAN SPIRITED QUESTION OF FOX'S OWN MEGYN KELLY! I liked Megyn a lot BEFORE that debate. Here Fox news and everyone in it advertised like crazy about this upcoming debate and the fact that superstar (let's face it we all know that's true!) front runner Donald Trump will be placed front and center in it and because of this Fox News got THE HIGHEST RATING BY FAR EVER OF TWENTY FOUR MILLION PEOPLE TUNING IN, THERE WAS NOT NEARLY THAT  AMOUNT IN ANY OTHER DEBATE SEASON!! Megyn Kelly I am convinced asked THAT QUESTION to advance her own career and grab attention. Not only was the initial question rude and uncalled for, in no way advancing anything but her own agenda BUT AFTER DONALD TRUMP ANSWERED IT SHE WENT ON FURIOUSLY AND DOUBLE DOWNED ON SITING A PARTICULARLY RIDICULOUS EXAMPLE!! She proceeds to tell him in an heated fashion that with his show Celebrity Apprentice that the told one of the woman she'd look good on her knees!! THE WOMAN HERSELF CAME ON CNN TO SAY THAT SHE FELT IN NO WAY DEMEANED BY DONALD TRUMP AND THAT SHE WAS TREATED VERY NICE THROUGHOUT THE SHOW!! Why should it surprise Megyn Kelly that after using Donald Trump's name to promote Fox's Network for the debate he was upset when she asked a non policy question that hit below the belt and double downed on it in a way that appeared personal to her! I would love to see her if the other way around she brought in that type of rating to anything (and although not an unpopular host she could not do that) and then she gets a question like MEGYN, WHY DID YOU GO ON HOWARD STERN AND NOT BE OFFENDED BY QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL SEX LIFE AND THE SIZE OF YOUR HUSBAND'S GENITALS?! Megyn is otherwise a spirited and fun woman and to be fair here the best Fox has to offer in female commentators with a good sense of humor and really attractive and that is why she has her own nighttime show unlike the rest of them AND I THINK IT IS A SHAME THAT NOW HER SHOW HAS TURNED INTO HOW CAN I DECEIVE THE AUDIENCE MORE BY PUTTING UP POLLS THAT SHOW DONALD TRUMP NOT WINNING AND NOT THE MULTITUDES THAT SHOW HIM ALMOST ALWAYS AHEAD OF EVERYONE AND WINNING LIKE HOLY HELL!! Okay I got that out there and I also find it amazing how many people put Donald Trump down ONLY TO FIND OUT THEY HAVE TAKEN MONEY FROM THEM IN DONATIONS ETC! It is so hypocritical and the Club for Growth should shrink for the fact that he turned down a million dollars and THAT IS WHY THEY ARE GOING AFTER HIM. I saw the head being interviewed on O'Reilly and he insisted that he did not get rejected for any money and when O'Reilly asked him if he would be saying these negative things if Donald Trump did give he a million dollars INCREDIBLY HE SAID YES THAT HE WOULD STILL SAY THEM! That to me is the absolute height of hypocrisy however it isn't true and obviously Donald Trump did reject him which is why he turned on Donald Trump. Donald Trump is funding his own campaign and I am sure to some (probably many) it is frustrating that nobody can own him. Marco Rubio,is owned by Super Pacs and happy to play anybody's puppet in order to win. He's new argument is that Donald Trump is the only one to file for bankruptcy (legal process) while Marco stole from the government "accidentally" and paid them back and can barely make ends meet at home. Supporters of his say it's good that he is like many others financially strapped and they can relate to that..NO WE DON'T NEED SOMEBODY BROKE LIKE MANY OTHERS WE NEED SOMEBODY BRILLIANT TO FIX EVERY THING AND MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN!! You have Rubio who everything he touches turns to dust and Trump who everything he touches turn to gold. I'd go bankrupt four times too if the end result IS NOW I HAVE TEN BILLION BUCKS! Carly Florina is all over the place angry about insults and YET I SAW THE YOUTUBE VIDEO OF HER LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ABOUT BARBARA BOXER'S HAIR UNTIL SOMEBODY WHISPERED IN HER EAR THAT SHE ON AIR AND SHE STOPPED ON A FREAKING DIME! Jeb I don't even want to bash because he has shown he's constantly capable of bashing himself. If Carson is so great at being a surgeon than the world needs one so please go back to that! And if Christy is go great at giving motivational speeches to drug addicts that he what he belongs doing! DONALD TRUMP IS THE ONLY CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE FAIR TRADE ACTUALLY BE FAIR AND BRING JOBS BACK TO AMERICA PLUS IN AN EARLY BOOK PREDICTED THE FATE OF AMERICA ACTUALLY NAMING BIN LADEN AS THE CULPRIT! And to any haters out there and there are many as there always will be against powerful, charismatic people such as Donald Trump NO I AM NOT DRINKING ANY KOOL AID AND IN FACT SHOP AT WHOLE FOODS BUT DONALD HAS THE TRACK RECORD TO PROVE ALL HIS POINTS, JUST LOOK AT HIS TRADEMARK ALL OVER THE WORLD!! It's a great book and THE CUTEST BABY PICTURE EVER IS IN IT AND YES DONALD TRUMP IS A TRUE BLONDE!!
 good product at a good price
 This book is great to read if you want to know more about Trump. I found this book useful and it provides me the informations that I never know before.
 I have been into politics since I was a freshman in high school, and our teacher pushed liberalism on us in the most non discreet way. I have always been Republican, just because I think they are going to help our country. As much as I love politics, I was getting sick of all the lies and all the fake promises that politicians were making to us, and that is why I whole-heartedly support Donald J. Trump. He is one of the most patriotic men in this country, and he actually cares about it. He isn't running for his name, he's running because of the awful situation we are in. My only problem with Trump was how he wouldn't be specific with his plans, but this book answered that for me. I think Trump is the best thing to happen to politics since Ronald Reagan and with him I hope to make America Great Again.
 Realistic solutions to today's problems. Totally understands what is happening today in America and truly wants to "Make America Great Again". Showed a strong leadership capability and a warm family side founded in love of God & country. I'm all in!
 Before jumping on Trump for his idea of restricting immigrants from Muslim nations, take a look at the McCarran-Walter Act drafted, sponsored and passed by a Democrat majority congress in 1952. The McCarran-Walter Act authorizes the president to restrict groups of immigrants based on religion, race, politics, basically anything the president opposes. McCarran and Walter are two Democrats who drafted and sponsored the bill and pushed it through congress. President Truman vetoed the bill but a majority Democrat Congress Overrode the veto and enacted the bill into law which is still a Federal Law today. President Carter used the act after the Iranian Revolution and the takeover of the American Embassy. He ordered all Iranians in the U.S. rounded up. Over 7,000 had expired visas. He deported the lot, all 15,000. President Carter is of course a Democrat.
 If you really want to know what Donald Trump's Platform is all about read this book. I wish it was Free for all of the people who really need to know what he is saying. He lays it all out. Not only does he know what he's talking about but he knows what the American people are talking about. We're sick of political correctness. We're sick of being told how to think and how we have to behave. If you want to have a good life, you have to be good (See my book Winning at Wishing if you need to start from the beginning on that! Trump understands that God wants us all to be rich and that it is possible if you believe in yourself.) In this book Crippled America he lays out every one of the most important issues in front of America today, the first being to undo the damage that has been done in the past 7 plus years. All of the rest of it is very specifically stated. Trump is not racist nor does he hate any minorities. Everyone wants to come to America because of the greatness of it. Illegal Invaders are coming wanting to transform us to their laws, their customs, their way of living, while legal immigrants come here and assimilate into our culture. It's okay to keep your accent, your culture in your history, but coming to America is for a new way of life not to recreate the one you're fleeing! He covers many other areas, and if he doesn't have the expertise for some problem he knows who does and has ready access to them. This is a great positive book for Americans. Read it and if it makes you happy you're on the right path!
 Very rewarding read! Can imagine the change USA will have for the BETTER for sure with this new leadership!
 This book outlines impeccably why this man believes he can lead our country and make us stronger than ever!
 I want to know as much as possible about the people who are running for political office. This book puts forth the position Donald Trump is taking on many of the ideas that he believes will make America great again. The details of his beliefs are expanded in the book. If you are interested in knowing more about these details, this is the book for you.
 Very enlightening.
 Don't listen to politicians and "journalists". Read what the man says. Then vote. Simple, right? Form your own opinion - don't be lazy.
 The more I read about Trump's current policies and what he's stood for for years, the more I believe he will make America great again.
 As a 76 year old retired businessman, his thoughts have been my thoughts for most of my Obama years. We need a successful businessman as President / CEO of America. No more rookie political hacks. Time to get on the Trump Train. Make America Great Again.
 Amazing book, Trump is a true leader and is The right man to bring our country back! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
 Anyone who is considering buying, please order now as there is so much to be gleaned which is pertinent to the chaotic world in which we find America in today. Trump is a mechanic of solid suggestions and solutions.
 I really am enjoying reading this book. I'm not quite finished but in spite of how obnoxious he can be at times I think he has some really great ideas for improving this country. And let's face we do need a lot of improving! Mr. Trump definitely has my vote. I believe he can and will make changes unlike the man in office now. It's just too bad Obama still has almost one year left to drag this country further down than he already has. After reading this book I can see that Mr. Trump really does love this country and because of that I think he will do great things.
 Trump is a breath of fresh air. Gives hope that Trump can turn around the last 7 years of bad policy and zero leadership.
 Just finished reading. Details all Trump's policy proposals. Very detailed with necessary changes needed in US Government which is barely alive at present having been wrecked by the political class in DC.
 I was interested in Mr. Trump and is considering my vote. I want to learn all I can about the person running for President of the US and what his issues are. I do not want to blindly cast a vote. America IS Crippled.
 Book is just as he talks. I liked most ideas. As things go now, I will support him.
 Straight forward and unambiguous with more detail on policy than Trump's speeches. Unabashedly patriotic. Display's Trump's obvious love of America. Centers on the same themes that Trumps has campaigned on for President.
 Trump triumphs in an interesting fast moving book of solutions to our problems.
 Excellent! He will truly make America greater than ever.
 Mr. Trump is the most simple man and speaks the truth. The media and the politicians do not like him, because they always try to go against the common man and want to see their own selfish agenda. He is not going to lay out his plan in detail because he believes in negotiations. The media is always trying to pick on one thing after another thing, if they don't like the candidate. He should be given a chance and I sincerely believe that he will bring back America that it used to be. Now our politicians are bent on destroying it. If we got somebody else as president, there is no turning back from this path of destruction. Trump is the real man.
 Trump 2016!!
 Really good book on fixing the problems we have n America. Trump goes into detail as to what the problems are and what we need to do to straighten America out. Talks about some of his own life experiences and how they helped him become the person he is. Every person in America should read this book. Makes me more sure that Trump is definately the right person to become our next President. Highly recommend,
 I'm and independent and have been debating who to vote for. I never liked Hillary Clinton (For all the very well known reasons) and so I decided to pick up this book, sit down and read it. I really enjoyed the chapter about education and I must say I agree with basically every one of Mr. Trump's opinions in the matter. I also liked the part about Foreign Policy and I think a good "deal maker" like him would really make a big difference. When you're done reading this book you might be surprised of how much Donald Trump's ideas resemble your own. Say whatever you want about the man but being outspoken and not being a traditional career politician are his biggest strengths.
 Really enjoyed this book, and it is certainly a very true, straight forward view of America.
 I did not expect much when I picked up this book. I expected to read a continuation of Trump's bombastic comments in book form. I was wrong. This book is thoughtful, organized, and purposeful. Trump has a huge ego, to be sure. But underneath that ego is a powerful engine that drives all of his remarkable accomplishments - of which there are more than I ever thought possible. For those familiar with Ayn Rand, Trump is Howard Roark. Trump is Patton. Trump is Ross Perot. Trump is a take charge kind of guy who knows where he is going, how to get there, and how to successfully lead other people towards a common vision, whether it's restoring areas of downtown Manhattan, building top quality hotels, operating an international business enterprise, or running for the presidency. My only wish is that the Trump we see on TV would turn down the over-the-top persona, and instead channel the Trump that wrote this book. That would be something great.
 A MUST READ... America is being lied to. Mr. Trump, in an easy read format, shares light in dark places, exposes the lies of the media, political elites and their establishment AND shares who he is and what motivates him as a man, patriot, husband, son and father. Everyone who loves America should read this!
 It helps understanding his points of view. It is fun to read.
 I was insightful
 An easy read whether you like the man or not it gives you an idea about how he thinks.
 Please Donald , send her to prison for what she has done !
 The media gets a lot of things wrong with trump so this book at least addresses all those wrongs to rights. I recommend this to people who want to get to know more about Trump's campaign and policies.
 Great read. Trump's books are always entertaining. You can learn a lot from the guy
 This book is the epitome of what Trump stands for. He discusses all of his views and thought processes on everything in easy-to-read detail with minimal political or business jargon. If everyone in this country read this book with an open mind, Trump would win this election in a landslide. It would not even be remotely close. Even if everybody just reads the first chapter, which is about the media twisting the truth, they might actually consider thinking for themselves and doing research on candidates. A truly inspirational book about a great man.
 I love this book because you get to hear in Donald's own words why he is running and what he wants to do. It's nice to read something like this without all the press getting involved and all the noise on the campaign trail. All candidates should have a book like this when running for important offices in government. The summary of this book is not the same which you can buy is OK but somewhat slanted by the interpreter.
 Donald J Trump ... seems to cut through the propaganda and to the core.
 Great book. It was consistent with, "The Corruption Chronicles."
 This is an excellent work. In this book, Mr. Trump outlines all of his campaign policies in detail. His opinions and positions make good sense. He is very practical in his approach to solutions to problems that America faces today. He is direct and no-nonsense. He has the kind of strength that we need to unravel the mess in which America has been placed by the the current administration.
 I really enjoyed this book and I hope he gets into the White House so he can bring some of these things to reality. It really would "make America great again."
 Absolutely Fantastic! Loved the book. Thrilled to have him running for president. It's time to get rid of the good old boys' club and politics as usual. He's the man to do it. The book is concise and well written. Very much worth reading.
 A great wall on our southern border must be built. It needs beautiful doors in it to welcome LEGAL immigration, but the flood of illegal immigrants must end.
 Short on statistics and research. Easy read. Quite understandable
 This book caused me to change my opinion of Donald Trump in a positive way. Trump's tone in the book and his writing style are as lively and energetic as is his speaking voice. Throughout the book, Trump covers and clarifies his thoughts and feelings about everything from immigration to education to foreign trade to ISIS to jobs to his values. The detailed explanations help readers see the way Trump's stance on some issues has stayed the same, gotten stronger, or even changed as he learned new information. After reading Crippled America, I am now voting for Donald Trump for POTUS! 🇺🇸☺️
 It's time to change how we do things in this country!We have to get away from these do nothing polations and get something done.Great book.
 You must watch on Vimeo Larry Nichols' video Revolution 2.0.
 You know, all the BS put out by the media is just that, BS! Mr Trump is a very straight forward guy it seems. He loves his country, he has a military school discipline that shows in his day to day business. And probably the best thing, he has a church going sort of humility and isn't preachy about it. It's great he is running for office. I wish these naysayers would read this and realize that their jealousy coveting what Donald is, does and has is easily 'trumped' by his open honesty and vision. Wish him the best in his campaign.
 Trumps Policies have remained mostly the same for decades. He has seen his (our) country being systematically globalized by corruption in DC. He doesn't want to live in a castle in Geneva, and wants to see all his businesses flourish. How can they, when a few huber wealthy foreign families are against him and America? They've spent centuries trying to reduce it too eventual ashes. Trump knows what has been going on behind the scenes since before WW2, and who has been behind it all. He is subtle in his reveals, but don't let that East coast, pushy, loud approach distract you. As a west-coast, small town boy, I have an innate distaste for the NYC lifestyle and accent. But Trump is our true answer, while not perfect. He is a better showman than Christ follower Reagan and a far better and more ethical businessman than LDS Romney. This book states his intentions and policies clearly, in soft, non offensives tones. Buy all his books, watch his rallies, support him or you can join the last five/six former Sec. of States in hell!
 Great read, great man. Lets make America great again!!! review image
 Good book, bought it as a gift and the receiver was quite happy. I got to read it afterwards, and I'll say it's a pretty decent read. Not extremely difficult, not the most engaging in the world but easy to get swept up into.
 I was not informed on what a lot of Trump's stances on certain issues were and was tired of the knee jerk media name-calling. So that's why I bought this book. It was well laid out and a super easy read. No smoke and mirrors, no BS. "This is the problem and here is my plan" kinda deal. I read it in two days and enjoyed the heck out of it. If you are unsure of where he stands on the major issues this is a great book.
 Very well written and lays out a stellar detailed plan to MAGA. Could have done without the too much winning part. I will never be tired of too much winning considering this train has no brakes we will never stop. Most scholars believe this book has only been topped by the Bible.
 ANOTHER OUTSTANDING BOOK BY DONALD!!!
 I Like this guy. I hope he makes America great again.
 First off, this is the book typically put out by a presidential candidate during a current election cycle. So there is no shortage of reading material. Why my interest, or anyone else's in a book written by Donald Trump? I'm guessing it has a lot to do with Donald Trump being an alternative to the other GOP candidates. He's not really one of them. For me personally, it's refreshing to see a candidate that isn't the typical corporately-owned mouthpiece. Trump is anything but that!  In reading the book you will notice that on some issues he does not have a lot of details. He does a good job of explaining why he doesn't provide those details. Would it be nice to have them? Sure. But I would rather not have guesswork.  As a populist, I am definitely not a Republican voter by any means. While I disagree with some of Donald Trumps ideas or positions, there isn't a candidate out there that I agree with 100% What I do like in the way of positions that Mr. Trump proposes are:  Immigration: Trump is the only candidate I am aware of that regularly visits the controversial issue with a hard-nosed solution . Social Security and Medicare: I totally love his position on both programs. Jobs: He talks the best on jobs and the economy for that matter. Taxes: He makes a lot of sense with this issue. I really like his ideas.  Mr. Trump's book does have a few shortcomings in my opinion- I think he overestimates the "heart" of Republicans. (Maybe he's an optimist.) You will find the usual GOP buzzwords like "socialism", "left-wing critics", and "liberal bias of the media." To be fair, he complains about his treatment by the media from both sectors. The bottom line on this book- if you are tired of the same old recycled, pre-packaged GOP candidates check out Donald Trump. Like him or not, I give him credit for being bold, direct, and not a wholly owned subsidiary of some wealthy donor or large corporation. There is something to be said for a financially independent candidate.
 I didn't like Trump when I first bought the book. I have learned more what he is about and it is clear that he is the game changer we need in DC. The book made me a supporter of Trump when I first intended the read to be more for humor.
 This is must reading for anyone wanting an insight into the thinking of America's next president, Donald J. Trump. I bought the book a few days ago at Costco and read it mostly in one night. In one sentence: Trump passionately loves America; he cares about all of us; he can't be bought; he will tell us the truth, no matter what it costs; he is risking his life, his fortune, and his sacred honor (in the words of the Declaration of Independence) in order to make America great again.  Americans have been conditioned by the educational, media, and entertainment establishments for the past half-century. We have been trained to loathe our core Judeo-Christian values, and the values expressed in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. We are heirs to the greatest experiment in human history, that has liberated tens of millions of people around the globe. We are in danger of losing Western civilization and going into a horrific dark age which would be marked by totalitarian government and genocide.  Trump is giving hope to me and millions more across America (and the world). He says we need to enforce our border. He is a builder, and he will build a wall across the border - in just the same way that people have walls and locked doors on their houses.  Our military is, in some aspects, weaker than it has been since before World War 2. History teaches that weakness invites aggression, and that the best way to insure peace is to prepare for war. Trump will strengthen our military, and treat our veterans with the respect they deserve.  The current president has alienated and endangered allies around the world, in a futile attempt to appease enemies. They are planning to give $150 billion to Iran, the world's biggest state sponsor of terrorism. Trump will support our allies 100%.  Trump will use his legendary negotiating skills to negotiate better trade deals for America.  Trump describes a very simplified tax code. He will eliminate complex deductions that mostly benefit the richest people, in exchange for lowering tax rates. Any single person earning under $25,000 and any couple earning under $50,000 will pay no tax. Zip. Zilch. Nada. The next marginal tax rate is 10%.  We are in a jobs crisis. There are about 95 million people out of the labor force, a record. The labor force participation rate is at a 38 year low. The underemployment rate is about 11%, counting fully unemployed as well as those working part-time who would like full-time work.  Jobs come from businesses. The American corporate tax rate is the highest in the industrialized world and is causing one business after another to move out of the country. Trump will lower their tax rate as well to make America competitive, and bring American jobs back home.  Jobs are also being destroyed by the Obamacare mandates, which are ironically making healthcare unaffordable. Trump will allow you to make up your own mind about whether you want insurance, and how much you need, and whom you will buy it from. He wants to allow health insurance competition across state lines, just as we do in shopping for everything else.  Trump will create jobs and enhance energy independence by building the Keystone pipeline that has been blocked by this administration.  Trump believes that everyone has the right to choice in education, not just the rich.  By the end of the current administration, which will have doubled the national debt, we will owe $20 trillion. Trump will use his management skills to eliminate the numerous overlapping and redundant federal programs.  Trump believes in the right to self-defense and is a supporter of law enforcement.  Early polls are showing Trump picking up high levels of support from minority communities and legal immigrant communities. I'm not surprised. I'm a minority, married to a minority LEGAL immigrant. We want the promise of America back again, and we believe Mr. Trump is the only candidate out there who will make America great again!
 China holds over $1.4 trillion in U.S. debt, by far our largest foreign debt holder. As of the end of August of 2015, the U.S. trade imbalance with China is already at $237 billion, en route to an annual imbalance of $350+ billion. 'Watching the Obama administration, one might think nothing can be done about protecting American workers and companies.' says Trump. Continuing - 'What China has done to the U.S. may be the greatest theft in the history of the world.'  Almost all American politicians tell us how great we are, then switch to how they're going to make America even better - all the while denying even the existence of our major problems and failing to focus on resolving them. The most obvious example - our economy, decimated by millions of illegal immigrants and their progeny, hundreds of thousands of H1-B visas, and shipping millions of jobs to Mexico and Asia.  America had a $40.4 billion trade deficit in goods and services (excluding energy) in March, 2014, $121.5 billion for the first quarter of the year. Since 1970, we’ve accumulated an almost $10 trillion trade deficit in goods and services ($9.552 billion) via a negative balance every year except three (1970, 1973, and 1975). Per the Center for American Progress’s 3/2008 report, that deficit has also extended to high-technology (including aerospace, information and communication technology, opt-electronics, and nuclear technology) since 2002, and includes China, Indonesia, Ireland, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan. Not surprisingly, the trade deficit is also widening, from $82.1 billion for the years 1970-79 to $5.5 trillion for 2000-09. ‘Services’ are the one bright spot, barely – steadily increasing to a $229 billion surplus in 2013. The ‘really bad news,’ however, is that Alan Blinder (former Federal Reserve Vice-Chairman, Economics Professor at Princeton) contends that about one-fourth of remaining jobs are vulnerable to offshoring, mostly in the services area.  Meanwhile, Wall Street is climbing to new levels as our economy now produces (record) ‘Profits Without Production’ (Paul Krugman) – providing proof that Wall Street and Main Street are no longer closely connected.  Many Trump opponents contend that limiting free trade would bring back the Great Depression, citing the fact that after the Smoot-Hawley bill was passed the depression deepened. Data, however, does not support blaming Smoot-Hawley tariffs for worsening economic conditions in the U.S. Three problems severely undermine such a conclusion:  1)There already were preexisting high tariffs prior to Smoot-Hawley,  2)Smoot-Hawley was passed 8 months after the October 1929 stock market crash, and  3)Foreign trade comprised a very small proportion (about 0.5%) of U.S. GDP at the time.  Others simply assert that free trade boost U.S. employment, citing Boeing as an example. True, Boeing and a few others have greatly benefitted from free trade, but one should not forget that OVERALL, we’ve imported far more than imported – there’s no way to logically conclude that U.S. employment has benefitted overall from free trade.  Some dismiss free trade as a minor issue, preferring to instead focus on federal deficits, especially expenditures for health care and Social Security. Somehow our cumulative $10 trillion trade deficit also becomes invisible to those concerned about federal debts. That logic is obviously faulty – there cannot be any doubt that free trade has reduced U.S. employment, wages and benefit levels, as well as tax (eg. income and sales) collections. It also has increased demands for government assistance (unemployment insurance, Food Stamps, Medicaid, retraining and additional education). Treating symptoms (our large and increasing federal deficit), and focusing on symptoms (our large and rising federal instead of causes (free trade) just doesn’t make sense. Neither does ignoring our large and rising cumulative merchandise trade deficit.  Free Trade has also hollowed out much of America’s manufacturing base – driving through Detroit, Akron, Youngtown, Gary and other former industrialized cities reveals innumerable silent smokestacks, empty parking lots, and broken windows in our former factories. We’ve also gone from being the ‘arsenal of democracy’ to relying on Russian rockets used to launch half of U.S. military and national intelligence satellites.  Estimating the employment losses due to free trade requires first obtaining a figure for hourly total compensation costs. Per the Bureau of Labor Statistics, that would be $35.53 for the U.S. in 2011. (Also notable and important – Japan ($35.71), Germany ($47,38), Switzerland ($60.40) and others have higher costs AND a positive merchandise trade balance.) Converting the $35.53 to an annual cost (about $74,000), and dividing that figure into the average annual trade deficit for the last five years (about $500 billion) creates an estimate of 6.7 million potential job gains from eliminating our merchandise trade deficit.  Other important benefits would also result from eliminating our merchandise trade deficit – reduced demand for government services, improved psychological and physical health for the long-term unemployed, increased sales and income tax collections, higher wages and benefits for many of those still employed, and improved U.S. ability (via co-location) to conduct R&D linked to refinements of existing products and production processes.  The losers from doing such – profits at large corporations and Wall Street, and the wealth and incomes of the 1%.  What’s the easiest way to eliminate these deficits – direct government action. We also need to examine how Japan, Canada, Germany, Switzerland and others have managed to avoid this problem, despite even higher labor costs, as well as determine how to prevent the problem from undermining our service sector in the near future.  Another major problem for our economy - the estimated 12 million illegals and their progeny, taking jobs from Americans and lowering wages for millions more.  Candidate Trump also opposes the 5,544-page Trans-Pacific Partnership free-trade deal, calling it 'insanity,' as well as far too long to be understood, and doesn't cover currency manipulation - the number-one weapon within Free Trade used by foreign countries to hurt the U.S. and take away jobs. (China is not part of the TPP deal, but widely expected to join in the next few years.)  Trump also calls NAFTA a 'disaster' and vows to renegotiate or break the deal if elected. (I can't wait!)  In other areas, Trump would significantly cut the Department of Education's funding, support school choice, defeat ISIS by taking their oil wealthy, and replace ObamaCare.  The 'good news' in this sea of red ink? Donald Trump has identified Free Trade and illegal immigration as major sources of our economic doldrums! His election would go a long ways towards fixing our economy. Let's replace 'Free Trade' with 'Fair Trade.'
 Donald is great: Greater even than this book.
 I was not particularly a Trump fan until after he announced his candidacy and I began to listen to what he had to say,...Then, I bought this book...All the things my friends and I have been talking about with regard to what is wrong with our country are addressed here with no spin....Mr. Trump is a doer not a talker or spinner....His solutions make perfect sense and I have yet to see him have to resort to notes or a teleprompter to get his point across....A breath of fresh air for sure....
 Reading the book is just like listening to Donald talk candidly. This is a man of accomplishment , no nonsense , and a Leader. I hope he shakes Washington DC to its corruptible core. Book was right on and if he in fact pulls off these changes, he will leave behind a good legacy ; trouble is...no Polititcian can be fully trusted but we shall see.
 A good understanding of Mr. Trump's views.
 If you want to be informed about Donald Trump and his ideas in order to make an informed decision, pro or con, I highly recommend this book (his Art of the Deal was also very illuminating). I hear things about how great he is and how dangerous he can be. Rather than make decisions based on the opinions of others who very likely have a hidden agenda I prefer to do some research on my own. If you are likewise inclined I think you will benefit from reading his newest book.
 Great book meant for people who are on the fence about Donald Trump. I am a Trump supporter, but this book did give me even more confidence I'm voting for the right man for the job. It is a very simple and easy to read book, where Trump makes his case for making America great again. I'm a fast reader and read it in about 3 hours over two days.
 I like his policies. You just don't here about them in those stupid debates. Pick up this book and you will support him. I do.
 Like him or hate him, Donald Trump has changed American politics and made history in this remarkable election year. The media have not done a competent job, either predicting this man's success or analyzing it in hindsight. Much--nearly all, actually--written about him is stupid ad hominen attack--Trump is variably an idiot, an evil genius, a fascist, a racist. One has to wonder what is it about this guy that is prompting very powerful people to do everything they can to destroy him, albeit belatedly. Absent intelligent analysis by others, you may as well read his book.  What emerges is a successful businessman with an uncanny sense that the time is ripe for very specific actions he believes will improve this country. None of them are idiotic, fascist, or racist. They are, however, extremely treatening to the bipartisan globalist status quo.  For voters who are okay with "free" trade, cheap third-world immigrant labor and votes, and an expanding state apparatus to deal with the economic and military fallout of globalism, Hillary Clinton is a safe bet to continue this sorry mess. For voters who think otherwise, Trump may or may not deliver on his book's policy actions. But given the sheer amount of relentless character assassination of him--much from his own party, no less--Trump is the only one people actually fear can pull it off.
 Great read, written in plain English!
 This was a great read. I really enjoyed reading this book! Whether or not you like Donald Trump, I believe that if you are at all interested in politics you will enjoy this book.
 Trump is an amazing man. So glad I read this book which details his plans for America. I ordered it for my Kindle. Wonderful to be able to have books instantly at a good price.
 Wow, just WOW ! I have hope in America again. The Donald may not deliver on all of his ideas, but putting a career politician like Hillary in office will assure destruction. I'm ready to try a non-politician.
 Donald Trump has accomplished so much in his 70 years of live and has every right to be proud of what he has accomplished. This book is a wonderful example of that and proves why he should be the 45th president of the United States.
 A wonderful book highly recommend started reading it could not put it down until I was finished
 A good read quite enlightening
 Not a lot of detail but many of his arguments are presented here in a coherent fashion.
 Received the book as a Christmas gift and read it in about 4 hours. The book reads like a conversation with Mr. Trump! I have read books by Bush and Cheney that were easy to read but this beats them. Thanks for the easy read.
 Great great book! I am a conservative Roman Catholic and I agree with this book. I'm also a Mexican American and approve of the border wall idea.
 Review by Thomas J. Padula Crippled America By Donald J. Trump 167 pp. Amazon $12.50 The Stand Out Politician Over the past months, Donald Trump’s ideas and concepts have been extremely controversial. Trump is a billionaire businessman, real estate mogul, reality TV star, and now, a politician. In his 2015 nonfiction book, Crippled America, he breaks everything down for the reader. The three main topics Trump writes about are illegal immigration, the media, and second amendment rights. As a politician, Trump informs the reader of facts, problems, and issues on theses subjects. Then, he takes the facts, and attempts to persuade the reader his solutions to the problems and issues. Nevertheless, Trump’s controversial book is the most persuasive and informative publication on his political standpoints. Trump’s book has him on the front with no smile. Right off the bat, Trump explains why, he proclaims it “wasn't appropriate” (Trump IIII) with the title, Crippled America. Trump’s picture explains the theme of his book. Throughout, he talks about all the issues threatening the nation and how he wants to fix them. Trump believes America is in big trouble and he certainly feels that he needs to share that information. From Gun rights to abortion laws, Trump gives a very detailed outline on his political views. Trump uses text-to-text connections to inform and persuade the reader about illegal immigration. A major fact Trump states comes from Ann Coulter’s book, “There were over 351,000 criminal illegal aliens in our prisons” (22). By stating this fact, he is explaining how there are many illegal immigrants that are costing the U.S. taxpayers a lot of money by having them in our prisons. He then goes on to explain how not keeping a secure border will lead to “lawlessness”. In Ben Carson’s book One Nation he talks about how the U.S. is not enforcing their laws enough. While making a controversial statement, Trump agrees with Carson when he proclaims, “If you have laws you don’t enforce, then you don’t have laws” (30). By using the words “don't enforce” Trump is stating that we are letting the illegal immigrants freely come in. Also, he is trying to persuade the reader to fight for stronger border protection. In conclusion, the author attempts to persuade and inform the reader through text-to-text connection. Trump uses text-to-world connections to inform and persuade the reader that he gets the best of the media. He makes it known that we are losing money to countries. He states “We lose to China. We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to Russia and Iran and Saudi Arabia” (9). The media totally disrespects these statements because they don't think he is being politically correct. When the media asks him why he so politically incorrect, he pronounces “the country doesn't have time” (9) to be nice. After he informs the readers of how the media disrespects his words, he explains how he gets the best of them. “A full page ad on The New York Times can be more than $100,000. But when they write a story about one of my deals, it doesn't cost me a cent, and I get more publicity” (11). In other words, he believes that he gets the best of the media. He then goes on talking about how the mainstream media continues to be biased. Therefore, he believes that he gets the best of the media. Finally, the author uses vocabulary on the second amendment. Both Trump and his family are firm believers in the second amendment. Therefore, it is a very sensitive subject for Trump. Trump first informs the reader by stating “The fact that the Founding Fathers made it the Second Amendment, second only to the first” (109). By using vocabulary like “amendment” and “founding fathers” Trump proves that the right to bear arms is very important. Consequently, he proclaims “My sons Donald and Eric are members of the NRA - and so am I - and proud of it!” (117). By belonging to the NRA or the National Rifle Association, he shares his strong belief of the Second Amendment. Consequently, Trump uses vocabulary to inform and persuade the reader of the Second Amendment. Every voter, no matter the party affiliation, should read Trump’s book. As Thomas Jefferson once said, “An informed citizenry is at the heart of a dynamic democracy.” If a voter were to read the book, they would become more informed about the government. As a result, there would be a more “informed citizenry”. Overall, the book is extremely persuasive and informative. Whether the reader agrees with his viewpoints or not, Trump’s book outlines his stances very well.
 I can't remember another candidate for the Presidency writing an honest book on what needs to be done to save our future for our offspring.
 The infamous US Presidential Election of 2016 has both liberals and conservatives with and against each other. In one of the nation's most hyped up elections we're left with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump. This book is Donald's blueprint for (as the title of the says) our crippled America. Trump discusses his stances on topics such as immigration, foreign policy, education, health care, 2nd amendment and more. Whether you like him or not this book is a fascinating read because his plans are exactly what our nation needs right now. I'm sure anybody who reads this book will be convinced of how Mr. Trump's influence in the oval office will restore our country to the beauty our founding fathers had in mind, Whether you're with the Democratic, Republican or another political party, Donald Trump's outline for America will appeal to anybody who's willing to pick this book up and actually read it and not put it down because it's Donald Trump. With only a week left until the election please get your hands on a copy of this book before it's too late and we're stuck with another 4-8 years of the same old stuff.
 I really was never really a Trump fan but have to say that I found many things he outlines in this book are very good. I've changed my opinion quite a bit but not sure he"ll end up in the White House but I agree that we really need radical changes and I do believe he would shake things up dramatically. What he has already done for Veterens alone is terrific and Washington is a place where nothing seems to get done. That has to change!
 I was quite happy with this audiobook. As it depicts Donald Trump in quite a different light than he has been cast in the media. I think his blueprint for America is sound and is worthy of consideration. If you're a Republican evaluating the field, I commend this resource to you.
 Crippled America, How to Make America Great Again is filled with Donald's plans chapter by chapter. It echoes just what Mr. Trump has been campaigning about and complaining about. And he is so right that millions agree with him as has been shown by the numbers of those voting across America. With Donald it is not business as usual as far as politics goes and people have been complaining for years about Washington and the politicians. You can't help but admire him and respect his positions on everything he writes about and relates in the debates and interviews. He truly cares about America and the way we are perceived around the world. He is 69 years old and could retire into obscurity but he chooses to take on the establishment. He believes in himself and others who are ready to transform the government and the world. I believe that he and his team can and will do it and succeed.
 We need this guy as our next president !
 I would love to give Donald's book a 10 star rating. Answers the true things he stands for in his bid to be the next president of our great USA. Very interesting reading as well as inspirational, leaving the reader with hope for all. An amazing book.
 TOTALLY AGREE, ESPECIALLY IMMIGRATION.
 First thing I have to say is I'm using my husband's account so it's not Josu really posting but his wife :-)  I think any serious voter should read this book because the media is all against Trump and reporting what best suits them. True that it backfires often but, they are trying.  In this book Trump addresses many important issues that he wants to take care of as president. He talks about the wall, immigration, his own ethics and business career, about our military, about student loans, the economy, our infrastructure ...  I'm not going to explain what he things about each of those since that is what the book is for.  But please, if you are serious about learning about his policies you have to read the book. The media is only tell you what they want you to think, and the debates are OK, but there is often not enough time to explain any views and, let's face it, those debates had been a lot about "let's destroy Trump" so.  I'm saying, even if you hate the man right now, give it a try because you will end up agreeing with him more than you think.
 Outstanding! This man will restore America! Vote for Trump!
 Trump is the right man for the job now for President. Great book tells it like it is. Obama should instead of criticizing he should be taking notes Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst person for the job NEVER HILLARY 2016
 Trump it up!
 Great read. Smart man
 This is where Donald Trump sets out what he anticipates doing if elected President. Enjoyed reading.
 The facts are right in front of our eyes, let us all do our part to make America great once again.
 Gave a brief insight of Mr.Trump's views and opinions on a variety of topics pertinent to today's presidential race. Also learned a little more about his history.
 Great book. Matches my views on what needs to be fixed in this country, and why I'm voting for Mr Trump. Recommend it highly to everyone!
 Trump explains what is happening in America. Loved reading this book, it is what Trump says in his Presidential Rallys, without the media twisting his words.
 Excellent look into the man who has surprised the entire main stream media by becoming the presumptive republican nominee for president of the United States.
 I would give 6 stars if I could. Voters really cared about the future of America should read this book. Vote Trump for president!
 Enjoyed the book. 1/2 of the information I had heard before but learned new information
 Another reviewer wrote about Trump's book and they are dead on right and they summed it up with "Obama has been like a crack or heroin dealer passing out drugs & cheap kicks & feeding off the illegal immigration lobby to encourage the creation of a permanent dependent welfare class all while running up the national debt to 20 trillion." Great book and thank god for this man's breath of fresh air. He is saying what we all think! Bless him for inspiring millions. You rock Trump!
 Read it. I don't care if you don't like him. There's some very lucid thoughts sprinkled with randomness. Still, I recommend you give it a chance.
 Great book, lets get a businessman in the WH
 Crippled America-How to make America Great Again, is an easy read in Trump's voice of his anger and concern for the state of America today, why he is running for President, and his vision and plan to Make America Great Again.
 I chose this rating because the book is informative, but repetitive. One should read this book if you want to know what he believes and why.
 A great overview of our nation's ailments and steps to restoration to health.
 PRESIDENT TRUMP!
 Quick easy read. Gets right to the heart of all the major issues we are facing as a nation with some practical courageous sensible solutions. Way to go Mr. Trump. I applaud your patriotism.
 Very clear on what he stands for and the actions he plans when he is President. I agree with most of it. The one area where we differ slightly is tax reform. I think he is headed in the right direction and there is room for more simplification. Stay current with all the topics I write about. Simply register at http://stevepohlit.com
 This book is so inspiring. I feel every American should read this book before the primaries are over this year. Mr. Trump really seems to love his country and is for the people. It's time to stop Washington and put a businessman in the Whitehouse to lead our country back to "In God We Trust" and for what our nations stands for "One Nation Under God Indivisible With Liberty and Justice For All!" God Bless America!
 Beautiful book by someone which, through their words, conveys their true love for this country and most importantly, its people.
 Absolutely fantastic read. How he has done what he has done with just a million dollar loan from his father is absolutely amazing. Whoever wants to attack him about his finances, just read this book....he lists his finances at the end. Mr. Trump is the only candidate who can truly make America great again. I noticed the people who gave 1 or 2 star reviews aren't even verified purchasers of the book - which negates their reviews. Before judging the man - read this book to see what he is about. I just ordered Time To Get Tough. It looks like it may be a little more in depth, and I can't wait to read it.
 Enjoyed the book, our outlooks are very similar. Made it easier to know the man, and his ideas, 2016, good candidate for me!
 What is to say about this awesome book except it is the best blueprint I have seen from Donald Trump. Take nothing for granted and those who say he isn't focused, or doesn't have a plan should just read this book. Mr. Trump truly has excelled with this one and I honestly believe we are watching the making of the next President of The United States in Trump!
 Trump is a bit of an "odd" speaker. But his book is clear. His vision is clear. I would love to see a liberal (or others) take this book on point-by-point. Our country is losing, Trump is the right man, at the right time, to restore America to a place of respect and common sense. The book is an easy read...buy a copy of give it to a liberal. :)
 First of all I have to say: this book isn't boring at all. I really had fun and a good time reading it. every part of it. From an European point of view I thought that reading something not "about" Trump, as you can find in the media, but written BY Trump himself would have been the best way to understand what's going on about this guy, who's been depicted more less as a mixture of pure evil and stupidity. I didn't find absolutely anything that doesn't make sense - indeed perfect sense - in all this book. I don't know if Trump is going to win the GOP nomination, let alone the Presidency, I'm not really interested in the outcome and I don't have a dog in that fight (not directly at least), since I wont be obviously one of the voters. Regardless for the suspicion that Europe wouldn't be in a better position should Trump be elected, (we surely would have to forfeit a cozy position of free protection by the american armed forces and consequently so forced to drive up or military spending, to begin with) I really wish we had here some guy able to talk with such directness and clarity about pretty much everything, without being patronizing nor sounding pompous. In short, I appreciated reading a book about politics in which, for a change, you're perfectly able to understand every last thing said by the author. Either you like it or not. Highly recommended to everyone interested in understanding how America is doing today (recommended to non-biased people, of course).
 Thanks to Mr. Trump for a well written book. I look forward to seeing more of his accomplishments in Washington.
 I hope this man becomes our next President! This is a very important book to read! Read it soon; and you'll see that Trump is the man!
 As I read this book, I thought to myself, this is all common sense and yet we have been made to think it's somehow wrong to protect ourselves, our families, our city, town, county, State and Country from outside oppression and destruction by our countrymen... THANK YOU Mr. Trump for reminding me I am not insane, racist or evil for wanting those I know and love of all races and religions that we are ONE COUNTRY!!!!
 Ever since Trump announced his bid for the presidency the media has been in a frenzy. This book answers the questions so many of us have regarding the issues instead of the sideshow put on by the media. I wish every candidate would take a stand and publish it.
 I couldn't put it down. I read it on my Kindle and now I am buying two copies of the book for family members. I loved it!!!!
 An excellent blueprint outlining Trump's plan for the future of America. This is a very straightforward book that informs and educates the reader about the ideas and principles of Donald Trump. If you have been following Trump's campaign closely, you will more than likely know all of the information in the book - I highly recommend the book to someone who has not been keeping up with Trump, because it will fill them in quickly on what Donald is all about. Great read, Great information, Trump 2016!
 Purchased this book to get more of an insight of the political views of the GOP Front-Runner. It succeeds in that regard. He discusses the very important issues that America is facing and the ways he would fix them. He talks about his credentials a bit much which can be annoying to some. Though it's not quite a strategic guide to "Make America Great Again"; as it doesn't layout too many details of his plans. But he has stated throughout his campaign that he doesn't want strategic plans such as his foreign policy to be heard by the likes of ISIS. So all in all, it's an interesting read that every American voter should tryout. Especially if he becomes the Republican nominee
 It was good
 Great read!
 In these sad times the most important thing I can say about Trump is he is a real American who loves his country. The most important reason he can succeed is he is not afraid to say what he thinks and let the leftists chatter. Why would you read a politician's book when you know what they say is what they think you want to hear. Not even Trump's enemies can accuse him of that.
 got the book fast and it is very good to read,
 To all you Trump haters - good read, good book
 Trump offers commonsense solutions for many of the problems that the US is facing today. Whether you agree with Trump or not, this is a good book. It is very straightforward, descriptive, and informative.
 I thought he was a entertainer and a joker but after I read this book, my mind changed.
 Oh, how I love this man and what he stands for! This book is an articulate statement of Mr. Trump's philosophy on life, his view of the issues facing the USA, and the solutions he envisions. He comes from a place of common sense and intelligence, together with stability, experience, warmth, humor, and a sense of patriotism and loyalty. He is point blank honest in an atmosphere riddled with political correctness. The crippled American media may try to bring him down, but he makes his stand with eloquence and grace in this book. Most definitely, he will be our next, and quite likely our most important, President.
 A lot of this book is the comments Mr. Trump has already expressed in his campaign speeches although in the book he fleshed them out and gives you a lot of detail on how he intends to accomplish them. A good read.
 What a wonderful book by a wonderful man! The book was very informative on Trump's plan to "Make America Great Again." Too bad the liberal, biased media, Amazon included, will stop at nothing to delete the good reviews and leave the good reviews of Hillary's books on their website.
 I got the book as a gift,, He is a very smart person,, This book would be excellent for the person , that wants him,,,"BUT" Its a great read, and full of Facts, I never knew,, I was voting for him anyhow,, I DO NOT , want a polished politician. He will be the best thing,, for those who are lost,, you know,, the people that went hard Left,,! I gave it the max, 5 stars
 An easy read; I remember the beginning of the book was heavy boast and bluster but then you go deeper and find his policies and they are smart and make sense. I see some Friedman in there, lol. Common sense makes sense to me.
 Easy read. Fresh thought provoking ideas present ideas for solutions to many of the nations most pressing issues. Not the same old rehashing of failed policies.
 Right on
 Donald has the way to get America back on track and with the coming election, it is a certainty sans corruption by the Dems that he will be our next president.
 In 2008 I caucused in Colorado for Barack Obama. I was a delegate representing the Democrats of Larimer county. I voted for President Obama again in 2012. I just switched (January 4, 2016) my party affiliation so as I could caucus for Mr. Trump in 2016. This book, as Trump says on the jacket, is: “my blueprint for how to Make America Great Again.” It is exactly that. The book is a detailed, 40,000 word, discussion on what and how Mr. Trump plans to do that, why it needs doing, and why he is uniquely qualified to get it done. It’s a compelling argument. In fact, if you read this book and are void of bias and prejudice, you’ll most likely agree. One thing that stood out to me was how fast he wrote the book, with no co-author, and also how up-to-the-minute it was. Released in November, the book includes many of the events of the first three/four months of the campaign. In other words, he wrote it while campaigning – a non-stop, relentless process of rallies, town-hall meetings, position papers, press briefings, debates, and interviews, not to mention non-stop tweeting – covering some twenty states. The man is nearly 70 years old and hardly sleeps, maybe four hours a night. He works non-stop, which he has done since he began working for his father in the early 70’s. His mind never stops observing and thinking—BIG—about what he can and will do. At the back of the book he posted his financial statement (his net worth is over eight billion dollars); a list of the seventy (70) properties he owns (commercial buildings, condos, apartments, residences, resorts, golf courses, hotels, airplanes, and even a winery); in nine countries around the world. What he is, first-and-foremost, is a developer, and now he wants to develop, or re-develop, America. Many of the properties he owns he bought in various states of run-downness, which some might say is the state of America; and he renovated them and turned them into first class, world class, properties. In doing so, he created thousands, 100s of thousands of jobs: temporary (construction) and permanent (service and managerial.) In the process, he also improved the local communities, i.e. upgraded the community, and in so doing – increased property values, which has a ripple effect: Improving schools, education, and the overall quality of life. What Mr. Trump wants to do is, do for the country what he did for his company and name (=brand.) He is the opposite of what most politicians are: “All talk, no action.” Basically the book is what you’ll hear if you watch one of his rallies on YouTube, but with a lot more detail. He answers the questions you might have. His writing style is like his speaking style – direct, authentic, and honest – even with his sense of humor coming through. In the chapter, “Our Infrastructure Is Crumbling” there is this: “the Chinese build new cities over there in about 12 minutes, while we take years to get the permits to add a dormer window to our own homes.” Funny, true in the abstract, and exaggerated to make his point – which is the way he rolls. But, of course The Media and his rivals would call him out as being untruthful, if not out-and-out lying. He’s very critical of The Media, and also politicians, but, he tells you why they do what they do, which is good to know because then you see how it all makes sense. Trump is very big on the values that we all aspire to, but he practices them, without exception – honesty, straightforwardness, love of family, fiscally conservative, flexible, self-discipline – Don’t lie, steal, or cheat, or tolerate those that do! Ha! The exact opposite of many (most) people. The status quo is frightened of him, no doubt about that, because he is not beholden to them. All his life he’s been told, “You can’t do that!” (Even by his father.) And yet, he does, and he succeeds, to the benefit of all. At the end of the book, there is the “About The Author” “blurb.” Which is funny because the whole book is “about the author.” This quote, blurb, unquote, is 17 pages and 4,000 words, just in case you missed it, and includes a bullet-point list of his properties. It begins, “Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story … . He is the archetypal businessman—a deal-maker without peer.” I strongly recommend you read this book before you vote. All profits are going to charities, I think he said. At this writing his Social Media followers have increased by 4 million; and he has risen to 42% in the national polls, more than tripling his closet rival – and has made fools of all the “experts.”
 Excellent book. I highly recommend.
 Excellent read. I have changed my thinking about Donald Trump in a good way.
 I found I the book the same things that he has been saying on the campaign trail. The weakness I find in Mr. Trump is that he does not specify WHAT steps he would take to accomplish the goal of making American great again. However, that works with his ability to make deals because you don't tell the party you are dealing with WHAT you might do or not do. He believes in going into a negotiation with all and and I do mean all options open.
 I have often read/heard it said that Trump is vague about his plans. In this book he gets as specific he can without making your eyes glaze over. He is saying that he will keep on doing what he has always done and that is, get things done. Washington hates this guy maybe because he's so good at saying "You're fired!" And they would have to find honest work and quit stealing from us.
 A great book by a successful business man with a long record of accomplishments and a love for his country. I have moved from an undecided voter to a Trump supporter. Of all the presidential candidates Mr. Trump is the most qualified to Make America Great Again! Hopefully voters will give him that opportunity.
 well written, thoughtful, insightful. He's our next President.
 Perfect
 A no nonsense approach to leading and managing America's top priorities by a guy who has a demonstrated track record of getting results.
 Great book. A true insight on how to make this country better.
 Tells all of his Presidential policies. He is a True Patriot!!
 Good book, highly recommended!
 Easy to read and understand plan.  He manages and owns (91%) of 500 companies around the globe. Trump is obviously good at hiring the best and delegating so it gets done under budget and ahead of schedule.  Crippled tells us how he's approach America.
 This was very well done. I learned a lot. I think Trump sells himself short with his delivery at times so it hurts his credibility as a good choice for presidency. Voters do your homework because he has done his and he's credal and from his writings and his focus to change the direction we are going in.
 People who claim that Trump only offers platitudes need to read this book. Trump knows what's wrong and how to fix it.
 Simple solutions for complex problems. This guy is really smart. Exactly what we need in our next president. Go Trump!
 Great Book! Written for the average citizen. Great read
 If you think Trump isn't qualified for president, you're way wrong. Trump is the best choice for the white house!
 Get on the Trump Train!!!
 There are so many nay-sayers and Trump haters out there these days, mainly because they listen to the BS on the network news and Lying Hillary are spreading. If you want to know the REAL Trump, read this book or shut up!
 The book was better than I had expected it to be. Trump gets personal and talks about family, and he also goes into detail about his successes and failures in the past. After reading the entire book, I have much more respect for the guy who too often just comes off as a filter-less, top dog in the business world. He's got fresh ideas and also proven techniques that really can apply to US Government. Those are exactly what America needs to become a united and stronger nation once again. The book was money well spent.
 Loved this story. Trump has some wonderful ideas.
 Excellent commentary of where we are and where we are not. Trump is a realist and gets it right.
 Another EXCELLENT book by Mr. Donald J. Trump!! This man is brilliant!!! Our family supports Mr. Trump for President of the United States of America! He will make American Great Again! TRUMP2016
 This is a clear and straightforward book that lays out Trump's views about the major issues.  Whether or not you agree with him, he is a force to be reckoned with, and at least you'll get to read what he thinks without all the deliberate distortions by the media.
 Donald Trump is very accomplished and has real success. Unlike politicians, he is truly able to do what he says he can. Very credible and has a right to boast. Go Trump....make America Great!
 Donald Trump has a plan, and this is good.....
 Read this book. Don't let he media or your friends tell you what Donald Trump stands for. He has been misrepresented and if you read this you will understand why he is what America needs right now.
 This book told the Donald Trump story, his viewpoints and his vision in a clear, straight-forward manner. I was impressed by his knowledge of the major problems facing our political leaders.
 I am not alone in being sick of the hype surrounding this race. This book gives a clear picture of what to expect from a Trump administration. Change is coming. It will be painful for many.
 This book explains Donald Trump. Explains his practical skills and background in a manner one can translate into governing. I believe Mr. Trump can be President and can turn around the US.
 I wish everyone in America could read this.
 I agree you Trump in what he said 100%. I hope he will win. We need an outsider and not someone paid by lobbyists and interest groups. I will vote for you! Www.nninoss.com
 Christmas present for my husband. We love Trump! He knows what he is talking about.
 Great book from our next president.
 If I sat down to write out what I would do to fix America, it would look just like this! It is an easy read and crafted to bring those politically in the dark, into the light. Trump has a firm grasp of the big picture. I wish he would knock off the tweeting and instead, read chapters of this book to the assembled masses. No more bashing of his fellow Republicans, just continue to enlighten...... one chapter at a time. Our enemy is subversive Democrats, and their socialist platform, not each other. Another great lesson is Dr. Carson's "A More Perfect Union". A Great history lesson that everyone should be required to read in order to make an educated decision when voting. ~ Janetlee
 A celebrity real estate developer runs for president to prevent an economic collapse. This 2010 political suspense novel, foreseeing the rise Trump and an impending financial crisis, reveals an agenda that could rescue America and a masterstroke that Trump could pull to get it passed. Progress is the one book to read in anticipation for the 2016 election and the next presidential administration.Progress review image
 Make America Great,
 Must start with a caveat: I like Donald Trump. As to the book, if it was possible to close your eyes while reading, you can hear his voice through the words. For that reason, I really believe he wrote the book and it was not ghost-written as many have suggested. As I read, I hear a man dictating a book in his words.  As far as substance, in the beginning, I'm note sure is much, at least in the beginning. It sometimes seems repetitive but, as you get toward the end, the vision of what he says becomes more clear and the message is strong. His explanations of how to accomplish his goals is clear. How does one build a fence and make Mexico pay for it? The explanation of the mechanics of it make sense. The same is true of his other ideas.  For those that say he has no experience, I'm not seeing it. Sure, he may not provide the detail one would like but then again, Don Trump doesn't have to have details. What I garner from the book is he would collect the “best and the brightest” and listen to ideas, and then apply his experience in building to make a decision as he has done in the past.  Obviously I'll read other books by other candidates but my support for Donald Trump at this point remains unchanged. Well worth reading to gain insight into the man. Does he care about America? Yes, I believe he does.
 Apart from being the best presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan, possessing grandeur, character, and values, Mr. Trump has written another best seller. This book is a must read for all ages. Every chapter is an in depth look into Mr. Trump's knowledge and thoughts about business, family, politics, and most of all values. Mr. Trump is a proud American, rightfully so, and his love for his country shows in his desire to make America great again, as it once was. Whether you will vote for Donald Trump in 2016 or not, "Crippled America" serves as a wake up call for any patriotic reader who loves America and wants to save it from ruin.
 An excellent reaed. it is wise to read, learn about someone, prior to speaking about someone. Thank you very much, Robert L. Haunschild
 Great read. Certainly has a more accomplished record of success than Shillary or the dolt currently occupying the White House. He gets my vote!
 Made my bookshelf great again.
 Didn't know much about Donald Trunp or his views. If you want to know more of his ideas for making America great, read this. It makes sense.
 Way better than hillarys book but that's really not saying much
 Mr. Trump has laid out his plans for guiding the country back to the great Republic she used to be. In Crippled America he states all of his common sense approaches to getting America back on track. I love Trump and hope America will be fortunate enough to have his leadership. Any man that can be this successful in his business life and family life is what America desperately needs! Trump 2016
 Intense and great ideas. Like Trump says in the book, it's not about talking, it's about action. The only way to get anything done is to stop beating around the bush and get it done. This book may be an eye opener to any one who is brainwashed by socialmedia and the regular media. Keep in mind while reading it's not a "story" book. It's an archive of practical solutions that could very well make a country great. overall it's an easy read and it's written as if Trump was speaking in person.
 One man can change the "good ol' boy" poly club of American politics and this book reinforces that belief.
 It was a slow start with much of the rhetoric we see on the campaign trail. But within a chapter or two you started to see the reasons the man has inspired such fierce loyalty. ( full disclosure , I did not vote for him). As of today, he is the presumptive nominee of the party and I now , based on the book, feel confident that he will probably do a viable job which I will be proud of as an American
 Fantastic, for sure he'll make an excellent president
 Donald Trump, in this book outlines his plans that he's espoused while on the stump to making us, the USA great again!
 Great Book - Tell the truth for a change with backup
 For the people who keep complaining what's Trump's plan. It's spelled out here in common sense ways. It makes you wonder about all these years that have been wasted because of the status quo and political correctness. I want Trump in more than ever. He's going to be the People's President. He's opened my eyes even more as to what's wrong and why and his chapter about the media clearly shows he knows exactly who and what he's dealing with. He writes compassionately about the plight of immigrants but he also is realistic about the enormous mess we have gotten ourselves into by not putting our country first and enforcing immigration laws. His idea behind building the wall and how to make Mexico pay for it is workable. It's too bad there are many critics so lacking in vision they can't even begin to comprehend something this important to our future. If you already support Mr. Trump you will love this book. If you are uncertain where you stand about him this will help clear the air that the media has tried so hard to cloud with half truths and no truths at all.
 You hear over and over, he has no plan. Here's the plan. If you want to know read the book. I am a Trump fan.
 This book exceeded my expectations. Donald Trump's observations on our country's problems are clear and factual. His solutions span the economy, health care, education, immigration, job creation, taxes and more. His financial independence allows him to tell it like it is -- not with arrogance but with courage. He didn't have to subject himself to abuse from the media, but thank goodness he did, for the sake of our country.
 Contrary to what the title might indicate, I'm enjoying reading CRIPPLED AMERICA. It was interesting to know how Trump chose the cover photo, which is absolutely essential for this message. The book is organized with clean, logical precision. I like the way Trump begins by tracing his campaign opening and showing specifically how most of the mainstream media responded in ridiculous misrepresentation, which is still going on and escalating. I know Trump's right. I'm watching it happening day by day.  The photo collection is fantastic!  This book is even better than I thought it would be. It reads in a brisk rhythm, in a no nonsense, conversational way, like listening to an engaging speaker, not at all like plowing through a dry political tome which makes no sense and will never touch reality.  However, the book might be hard to read if you thought unbiased journalism was being presented by the elite-owned mainstream media. You might feel you've been betrayed when you realize you've been fed twisted slams on Trump's words, deeds, visions, and plans. But wouldn't you rather know if you're being betrayed, and then begin working with someone who knows how to fix a badly broken world?  Of course first you need to get past the lie that everything's hunky dory. Prozac pleasantries and phobic levels of Political Correctness have coalesced with pervasive Socialism promotion to have the masses literally dead to the world... as it's being manipulated into the increasing control of High Monopoly Gamers.  I'm thankful that actual solutions are in the same book as the exposure of the problems.  Remember that Trump is unique in knowing what he's doing; his growing slew of copy cats don't know. What's sad is some copycats don't even know that they're copying, or who they're mimicking in their empty pea heads.  It's time we bucked up and acknowledged the true visionary, a visionary who can get his plans manifested with effective efficiency.  Maybe jealousy, hypocrisy and purposeful lying to cause harm should be cured or dammed once and for all...  An aside about now having two copies of this world saving literary work... What I love about buying books from my phone and reading on my Kindle ap there/here is I had my copy of a timely book like this at the opening of the morning of its release on November 3. It was estimated by Amazon that I wouldn't get my physical copy in the mail until maybe November 11. (It arrived in the mail this afternoon!)  Thank you, Jeff Bezos for Amazon and Kindle!  As far as the long endowed/endured major publishing houses go, Simon and Schuster is one of the best, IMO, in being less owned by cultural behavior manipulators. Kudos to them for being savvy enough to work with Trump.  But if not for Jeff Bezos being his own person who isn't blindly steeped into socialism fronted by liberalism, none of my books/shorts on Kindle would have ever been published. Thanks Jeff!  AND, if Trump becomes our president I won't have to fear for my well-being, safety, and life if my politically incorrect books begin selling! Better yet I might be able to keep some of my income based on Trump's Tax plan outlined here.  Go President Trump!  With respect for a globally celebrated builder who gets massive projects done on time and under budget,  Linda Shelnutt
 On how to rebuilt our country! Such a great read ! Every American and true patriot must read it and embrace it.
 This book nails the corruption that is alive in our country. If you want to wake up and see how corrupt the system is, this book is a must read. Trump uses common sense approach to bring this country back to the America that I grew up in. If you are a true American, vote Trump to Make America Great Again!
 Time for America to STOP GIVING OBAMA A PASS. If he were a white President, he would have been impeached for the numerous offenses he has committed. We do not owe any African American any more privileges than they have already been afforded. Obama was never vetted in the first place. I hope America has learned a lesson. We have paid far too much for his numerous mistakes.
 Great book, lots of information about his plan of action to reboot/rebuild America back into the greatest nation on earth again!! I highly recommend it to everyone who loves America!!!
 Vote Trump!
 Great Book!
 Wow. This is the person to turn this crazy train around. Anyone he spouts the mainstream media claim he is racist and his temperament is scary is an idiot. Great book!
 Great book. Quick read. Really enjoyed it.
 Loved it and everyone needs to read it.
 Mr. Donald J. Trump hits the nail "DIRECTLY " on the head. I have enjoyed him over the years and this book was no different! I believe this is a man, if voted in as President of America, will do just what he believes is BEST for Our United States of America!
 Reading Crippled America How To Make America Great Again opened my eyes to see the amazing and obtainable vision that Donald J. Trump has for America.
 Found this book useful when I ran out of toilet paper. I can't read but the paper was quite soft on my badonkadonk! #trumpkeepmakingtoiletpaper
 Great book. Hope the Don actually follows thru and upends all the career politicians.
 Every American that doubts Donald Trumps sincerity to do what he has promised, should read this book. There is no bluster, or bellicose here just the facts and how he would lead America back to greatness again. This time around I urge all citizens to not let someone else tell them how to vote or who to vote for because it's cool or about time, study all candidates for yourself and choose the best one.
 If you are tired of professional politicians and their tiresome repetitive soundbites ... read this for a fresh perspective. May even renew your political interests and concern for the country. It's a quick read. It's not earth-shattering, but you see an honest perspective from his point of view.
 Received as promised and promptly
 Fantastic read. Highly recommended for anyone even slightly considering Trump
 Absolutely excellent portrayal of his amazing success. Such a great sense of what needs to be done to put America back on track since these past 8 years we have been at a standstill. This book a is must read for all Donals fans, it will not disappoint.
 I heard the audio book of cripled america and im on chaper 5 and all i can say is wow. Years of experience combined with self confidence and common sense and years of sucess as a business man combined with a love for america and its people is not sonething you see everyday.
 So good! review image
 It’s time to bring America back to its rightful owners—the American people.
 Clearly Informative, with the view points of a highly accomplished man, who has a proven record of getting things done, and doing what he says he is going to do. He comments on the many fronts involving Americans, including America's lack of effectiveness and overall dilapidated condition. An easy read; you will want to read it cover to cover, during one sitting.
 Had my doubts but I have admit he says It how it is and it is very refreshing. I am a 59 year old female. I believe we could not do worse than what we have in our government now with career politicians. Trump gets a little repetitive towards the end but I gave it 5 stars because his message was so clear, interesting, easy and understandable! This book is worth reading!
 Very to the point. Wish he would say more of this in his speeches.
 Amazing
 I think voters should read this book and see what he's all about.
 Donald J. Trump is brilliant. He will make America great again!
 This book makes you understand what Trump has been trying to get across in the debates. His ideas make sense for America. He gives his background and how he will use it to correct problems. He has great ideas as to how to fix our infrastructure which has been left to deteriorate. He addresses many other issues and what his plans are to correct them. Certainly worth the read.
 WELL DONE . . . . I think you'd make a great president as you will surround your self with REAL, KNOWLEDGABLE PEOPLE that will help you and all of us Make America Great AGAIN. Winning is essential, especially when it comes to US, our families, our country; with a leader like Donald Trump it will happen.  Politics . . . . get us back on our feet and then worry about politics.
 trump is a hero. i believe he will make america great again!
 How many times have you heard someone complain about how inept our Federal government is, how disinterested and far-removed our elected representatives are with their constituents, and the insane amounts of hard-earned tax dollars are squandered paying off special interests of the elite? Donald Trump defines these and other problems quite well, and offers a true vision of leadership to change our course - to cast overboard the corrupt status quo and return the power of our government to "We the People"!
 Excellent read.
 I purchased this for my youngest son as he's a Trump fan.
 This is my first review on books, though I read a lot of books. Why I wrote this review? I feel as responsible citizens, we should all read this book, think, and see if it all makes sense to us. To me, the answer is absolutely yes, no matter how the media has portrayed Trump as a bad and stupid person. I am writing this review to help balance the one-star reviews, because some career politician has all the money in the world to spend to hire people to do anything. Well you what I am talking about. I don't tolerate lies and maneuver like that, and I just did what a citizen with integrity has done. Hope that can contribute to the momentum we put to start making America great again!
 I loved it. Everyone should read it and if they did you will feel you are sitting across the table from Trump and he was explaining to you what he has been trying to tell the public for months. He would tell you what he's planning to do for America and he would give evidence of what he has done in his business that could transfer for how and what he could do for America. Your mouth will hang open when you see all the pictures of the many, many buildings, which are very, very tall that he has built and then you'll turn the pages and see them all listed and the addresses of all so you can go see them.  Trump has had to rant and rave to get people who are mad at what has happened to America to know he is on their side and he and only he can make the changes. What do we have to lose? He's never made any crucial errors in all of his construction so he certainly can't do worse than what Obama has done. I guarantee you will enjoy this book and be enlightened.
 Trump all day everyday! Awesome book, what else do you expect from our next President!
 GREAT BOOK written by a GREAT GUY.
 This book gives insight into the man and his positions
 Calling this a book is generous. It is really a hard cover pamphlet. about an hour read. He goes point by point on what has been going wrong with the running of America.  It is honest and basically a position statement.  You'll notice that all of the one star reviews are by non-verified purchases, this is typical of Lefties slandering books they have not read.
 I want this man to be President of the United States! No more wishy washy social workers that have never run anything. Nor do we want a criminal that lies about everything she has ever done.
 I felt that Donald gave an open and honest view of his values and thought process. If you have any questions about his leadership and the direction he wants to take America, this is a must read.
 For people who say Trump doesn't have a clear plan, they obviously are too caught up in his "reality tv" like campaigning and haven't read this book. The book is clear and simple about what needs to change, why and how. He keeps it honest. He's willing to speak the god-awful truth, even in the face of a society that will only listen if you coat everything with sugar. He pulls no punches, has the exposure and experience to know what he is talking about, and he explains the causes and solutions of what we all see happening. There are no conspiracies in our government and politics, just a lot of people with weak character and no knowledge of how to deal straight and smart for the best outcome.  I didn't like Trump at first because of his campaign comments, methods and the history, but TV news/reporting is notoriously biased and shallow. Before I judged him harshly, I thought he deserved a closer look of his character, his position, and his solutions. He lays it out in this book. And between this book and Ben Carson, I have seen what I need to know. We need an overhaul of Washington DC. Obama, Clinton's and Bush's have successfully made a train wreak of this country and torn us apart. They have surrounded themselves with their appointed cabinet members and judges with shady characters and a total disregard for discernment, knowledge and character. We are all sick of the mealy-mouthed politicians and money mongers (bankers, big pharma, insurance companies, Wall Street, lawyers, etc.) who offer no real contribution to the best interests of America. I suppose if the country were really ever under attack, they would run to their bunkers and hope the hired help would be knowledgeable enough to save them. Sad, but true.  People, they need us more than we need them, or they wouldn't side step the truth so much to "appeal" to what they believed we wanted to hear. As Trump says, and I agree, the one who walks into a negotiation needing more should walk out with the least. Our people need to be better educated and learn logic and deal with the truth straight on in order to make better choices, and stand up for it. Stop living with the "no child left behind" philosophy (keep the smarter ones down so the dumber ones can catch up - which NEVER works), or the "politically correct" attitude in order to not offend anyone. These ways hold us down into taking back what is rightfully our way of living freely. We need the chains of our politicians and bankers off of us. We are not just numbers, but numbers of individuals with a right to choose our own way of living life.  Addendum: I don't plan on voting. I see that as a waste of time. Although I do like Trump's views, once anyone is in office, it's anyone's guess what will happen. Other than Kennedy, I have yet to see a president with integrity.
 Great insight
 One of the greatest political books ever written.
 True review of USA political condition........not to good.......not for the people........politics and official are elite.........  TRump doe speak for most of the silent majority of both parties and independents....  Current political folks seem to be afraid of the sentiments and his strong patriontism for our USA...
 Amazing book, Trump tells it how it is with no punches pulled. MAGA!
 Very good book. Donald Trump has this amazing ability to tell it like it is and he does in this book. He is not politically correct and he is not ashamed of his success. He has convinced me that he can lead this country back on the path that our forefathers envisioned. This book sets forth his main platform and I encourage all to read it before deciding who to vote for. Even some of the Liberals may get excited about America being great again and want us to be admired world over.
 A good book, Mr. Trump gets to the point of why America is where it is and how to make it great again. Very simple to read, a common sense approach with out lies or BS.
 Concise statement of what most people are feeling nowadays. This book was a good move on Trump's part and it WAS his move as it was quite obviously written by the man himself. Americans love celebrity and Americans love accomplishment. Trump is loaded up with both. His likely opponent has fame rather than celebrity and zero accomplishment.  He might be anathema to the "educated" liberal mind :-))))) ....but he'll be tough to beat.
 I love this book! I have learned more about Donald J. Trump; he's an inspiration, and his vision for this country is incredible! Great book! Highly recommend it!
 I was on the USS Iowa when Mr. Trump spoke for and to veterans. He was easy to approach and spoke from the heart. When he was done he worked his way through the crowd, stopping time and again to speak with and answer questions with anyone for a long time. I was just as impressed with Trump as I am by what he says in the book. The book clearly lays out his agenda to make America great again. A must read. I bought it through Amazon Audible.
 This is a MUST READ. Excellent summary of what America faces if we continue on this downward spiral, and a fantastic plan to Make America Great Again.
 A must read! Deep insight into this man's amazingly intuitive mind. He really knows far more than he has gotten credit for and deserves to be heard!
 Everyone should read this book. It outlines everything Mr. Trump will do to make America great again. We can be great again with the right leader.
 I am probably going to vote for Trump, he has some common sense ideas, but i did get a little tired of him bragging about all of his wealth.
 People need to hear this because the main stream media is controlled by the left and Trump is also unjustly called a bigot simply because t
 Was a gift. They absolutely loved it.
 The pundits say he's too general in presenting his plan to make America great again. Well, here's the substance they've been asking for.
 Excellent
 Excellent
 A book by a man that isn't bought off by the globalists and corrupt, treasonous media filth... A breath of fresh air.
 We will make America great again.
 Gift for a friend! We Love Trump
 Trump is an outstanding leader. He knows what he wants. He knows how to fight for what he wants. He is all action and he doesn't give false promises. He will truly make America Great Again. This book was awesome. I enjoyed reading it.
 AWESOME! Read it, Heed it and start preparing for some no nonsense leadership that his few detractors are FEARING.
 Spot on! What he says is truth!
 As you can imagine, this book does not lay out many real policy proposals, and it certainly does not get wonky with the ones that do. This book is really a picture of Trump as a man. Written in a conversation style, the purpose seems to be to inspire confidence in Trump's ability to lead based on his resume (which is extensive) rather than selling a detailed platform. For what it is, the book is quite good and a quick read.
 I agree with just about everything he has said in this book. No more Obama, Socialism, Marxism, 2nd Amendment Gun grabbing and Liberal BS! No More!!
 Giving as a gift! Nice hardcover book. First paragraph is all about his book cover. Hilarious.
 Great read!
 Great book with great ideas.
 EVERYONE should read this book! Want to understand the problems America is facing? DJT has an amazing ability to make complex economic and political issue easy to understand. He lifts the veil and shows what BOTH political parties have done to this country over the past few decades.
 I found this book to answer my question "who is Trump?" I came away feeling better about him.
 Another fantastic book by Mr. Trump an absolute must read. Quick shipping.
 This book made me erect AF.
 For not being a politician, the man is a political genius. From the book, Trump clearly loves America and has the type of vision that only a bombastic billionaire CEO could bring to the table. Suffice to say, it's a good read. Like him or hate him, he's defied political gravity. Trump will do anything in his power to win and go to work for America.
 Awesome
 Crippled America not a huge 700-page manifesto with a lot of big words or terms that the average American can't understand. It's straight and to-the-point, which made it easy to read. I love Donald Trump's common sense approach to healing the United States of America. Donald Trump doesn't just want a better life for Republicans. He wants a better life for Democrats, Independents, and every American. I highly recommend this book.
 Great book by a great man
 For those of you who say Trump does not have a plan, get this book. He lays out his plan to fix our country that has been hijacked by socialists in very clear, and concise strategies. If you love America, get this book...
 Received as advertised in great condition and very informative book!
 Great Again is an Excellent Book
 Donald Trump wants to turn this country around --- PLEASE LET'S LET HIM MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Quick read, lovely pictures of the Trump Family. Donald has some great ideas....he is BRILLIANT and very intelligent. He is confident, and I believe everything in his life has led up to him being President. I am actually excited about the future of this country for a "change". I hope he makes it. Great book to read. Highly recommend.
 Fantastic way to learn more about Donald Trump, and what he stands for. He will Make America Great Again!
 Easy to read, has a flow that makes it a page turner, he writes just like he speaks
 His ideas are solid. ..
 What's to say. Trump is Trump. I think he is the man of the time to save America from the Socialists. He has a plan. I liken him to the abrasive Winston Churchill. Just because he is out spoken does not mean he cannot turn this country around. I know he will.
 America 1st, politicians last. Excellent Book. Vote Trump for President 2016 !!
 Whether you like or dislike Donald Trump, you should read this. Just read it.
 Quick, informative read for any supporter. Useful for those on the fence to understand what he is promising. For those intent on hating him, the book can assure you that you have little to fear from a TRUMP presidency; he will not destroy the safety net. The book will provide you with information you can share with friends, family and coworkers who are critical of Trump and buy the lame-stream media jaundiced view of him. There are so many lies about the man it is hard to keep track. Check the fruit of his labors, and his kids, and you will gain comfort that he can restore America. His accomplishments are substantial and clearly distinct from other candidates. Americans are fortunate he is running. Only Trump can unwind the tyranny and depredation of the Obama administration and the do-nothing Congress. We are fortunate to live in a County that makes a life like TRUMP's possible.
 Everyone is asking for Trump's policy positions...they are all in the book.
 Great book with great ideas. Let's hope he lives up to his promises.
 Said a lot in this book. Truth teller. The whole cake; no frosting.
 Great book by the great man. For all our sakes, I hope to God he gets elected President while there's still time to save America from decades of self-defeating politically correct stupidity.
 It was a great book
 I wish more people would read this ...He's right on on all points.
 loved it and love Trump
 Typical Donald! If you like, you like. If you don't, then don't.
 Very interesting, got a better feel for what he stands for.
 so much truth what he is saying, our government is weak and men and women in office are weaker yet, give America back to the American people, lets keep out the trash who come here to destroy our freedom.
 I picked this book up at the grocery store today. The cover image caught my eye and the short and concise text/chapters sold me. Trump offers a fresh perspective to the dismal political climate in America today. Folks in all parties should read this book. Mr. Trump's success in life/business leads me to believe that he may be the right man to make America great again.
 Mr. Trump tells it like it is, no surprise there. I bought this book just before he came to my town for one of his largest rallies. I was fortunate enough to have him sign the book, so more than a great book, it's now a great keepsake. In this book, he addresses everything from the illegal immigration crisis to global warming. Whether or not you are a Trump supporter, this is a great book that clearly identifies many of our country's problems and offers proposed solutions in a very well written style.
 He has some very good ideas and is generally well spoken (in the book), but there are times (such as the first 10 pages) where you wish he'd have taken the time to rewrite things in a more careful or eloquent manner.  His chapter on the media is pure gold.
 Really enjoyed reading the book. I couldn't put it down! Trump 2016!  By clicking "didn't find this review helpful" you are acknowledging that you are a libtard
 A great book if you want to know the mind of Trump.
 Great book. Recommend to all Trump supporters as well as non-supporters. This book will clear up many misconceptions about his life and philosophy.
 Wishing more people would read what Trump has to say before they judge him. Thanks Donald for all that you are doing. You are vastly underestimated.
 LIKE
 Never been so interested in seeing how much trump did. He nailed it with his book. Every person who is going to vote needs to read it.
 Say what you want about the man, but you cannot deny that he is one of the most brilliant business minds that ever lived. Great Book.
 Almost through reading it. Very interesting
 I had to spend over $35 to get into the zoo to watch monkeys swing around and scream and throw poo. For $16.95 I got the same results from this book.
 Great book, but why didn't the photographer wait until he was done in the bathroom? That was some serious business he was doing.
 A magnificent read. Mr Trump gives thoughtful answers to our greatest problems. Thank you for all you are doing Mr Trump!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 Clear presentation of powerful ideas.
 This book is so amazing! It's an exceptional piece of work by Mr. Trump. I can't give it enough stars! It's my dog's favorite chew toy!! :)
 Just finished reading Trump's new book. A must reading for everyone! Very transparent! Right up to the minute issues that the country is dealing with right now. Easy to read and understand! America needs a leader like Trump to make America great again!
 Good backup for what he has been saying.
 This is an audio version of Donald Trump's book. Every American should either listed to these four CDs, or else read his book of the same title. You will get to know the real Mr. Trump's reasons for running for president.
 This book surprised me. No, it's not going to impress the Ivy League crowd, or the political theory crowd. Trump isn't a political theorist. He makes it clear he supports and reveres the Constitution, but he hasn't been pondering the arcane debates about it's proper interpretation or implementation the way the chattering class would like. Yes, free trade deals sound great in a political theory class. In the real world, they've been a disaster for America ever since Clinton signed NAFTA. Trump is a practical man. He is something that we haven't had in office for way too long (at least 8 years, for instance) - someone with concrete, real world accomplishments. If a lot of people who only listen to the media about him actually read this book, I think his support would grow even more. Read it. I think you'll be surprised and pleased.
 Trump explains all the solutions for all the problems this great nation has. He is the only republican presidential candidate that is self funded and is not told what to say. Do not be suprised if he's your president this time next year.
 This us a great book, an easy read, with a lot of good information. Everyone needs to read this before they vote.
 Reading your book made me realize that you are the man who can make significant change in the USA. You have my vote, Mr. Trump!
 Enlightening. Well written. Useful.
 This was a good easy read. I suggest you read the book if you are considering Mr.Trump for president, and then lend it to a skeptic who will take the time to read it. He makes a lot of points and is able to expand on them in more depth than he has time for in a single speech. I also read Art of the Deal and it is interesting how his 1987 book is not too far off from the new in terms of common sense tactics to get things done.
 sad but true
 Amazing book
 Mr. Trump's book sells itself. Regardless of which political party you have supported in the past, you would be passing on vital information if you chose not to read this work. It is an easy read of 193 pages. Furthermore, "Crippled America" is highly convenient for those not interested in the hundreds of pages worth of law school rhetoric laid out to fool the average American taxpayer within the literary works of other politicians. This is a practical expression of a fresh start that is beyond desperately needed. Give capitalism one last chance to work for everyone. Mr. Trump has proven on a consistent basis that he gets things done.
 We enjoyed the book and made us believers in Trump!! Vote for Trump as President as he is driven to make America great again and heaven only knows we need to take corrective action now before our great country is gone forever.
 This book was so enjoyable and fun that I will be buying more of his books. Art of the Deal will be next.
 The truth!
 You go Don
 A really good down to earth book. Trumps tell some great stories, bottom line, it was worth the purchase price.
 Definitely time well spent. I really enjoyed reading Donald Trump's plan on how to make America great again!
 Impressively well written. Truthful. Unlike stronger together which is just more Clinton rhetoric and lies..
 enjoyed the book very much, I feel that I know much more about Mr. Trump than before I read his book. He has great credentials to become a good president and to restore this wonderful country that we have back to being a country to be proud of.
 A great read. Trump is spot on. This book makes you angry at what obama has turned this country into.
 I like his frank writing style
 A very good read, about where we are as a country currently and how we need to make America better.
 So you want to draft Hitler into politics again, eh? Don't let this man fool you just because you are not satisfied with the current administration. Let's remember that the Nazis were able to dominate German politics (legally) because of their radical platforms and utopian promises. Be a wise voter, my people of this great land!
 This book is filled with so much good information......every american should read this.
 This is a blueprint to actually WIN! I am excited to win and be around winners. I recommend that all those who are against Trump take a moment to actually read the facts that you WON'T hear in the media and decide for themselves what type of America they want to live in - today's version or one that is actually GREAT AGAIN!
 It's refreshing and informative to learn what Donald Trump thinks, without third party editing and resulting distortions from a biased media. I recommend that anyone who wants to know about a candidate do his / her own analysis of what the candidate says and what they have done in the past. Those who are incapable of doing that for themselves do others an obvious disservice by voting.
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
 EVERYONE IN AMERICAN SHOULD READ THIS BOOD - NOT LATER BUT N O W !!!!!!
 He's right on as usual.
 This is the most important book that you may read for this particular time in America's history. Everyone, from Democrat to Republican to non-partisan, absolutely must read through this book by Donald Trump. I read it in one evening, perhaps about three hours. I have read both of Trump's political books (his other being Time to Get Tough), and both are great, but Crippled America is the best. I read a ton of books. And I do mean a ton! On every subject, on every viewpoint, from science, history, economics, world events, philosophy...you name it! I don't recommend just any old book. But at this moment in history, we have the unique opportunity that might not come again in a hundred years. Americans must look past the hype and past the profit-making media machine to the heart of the movement that is now symbolized in the persona of Donald Trump. Donald Trump is a symbol, a symbol of 1776, of us taking our country back, eliminating corruption, returning power to the people. He is unique, he is self-funded, he is motivated, and he has the skills and world experience that no one else will even come close to matching. He alone has the potential to make our country great again, not just in words, but in tangible and realistic actions. His book covers a large range of subjects in a clear, down-to-earth and interesting way. This book does not disappoint. In fact, it is a huge inspiration! Whether you are a hardcore Trump fan or a curious inquirer into the Trump phenomenon, this book gives you a glimpse into the vision of our great American future! You are the people, you are the hope of this country, and you have the potential to elect a real leader in 2016. This book is a priceless asset. You owe it to yourself, and to your country, to read and understand the future to which we can look forward under the new President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.
 Awesome book. Tells it exactly like it is in true DT fashion and style.
 Great book to read. Very inspiring book. Heart and mind of America
 An all-american hero!
 great book I ordered two they are being borrowed by very one I know
 Great Book with Super fast delivery!!! Thanks!!! AAA+++ Seller.
 Enjoyed this . . . A real eye opener. I highly recommend this.
 Easy to read, straight to the point; there's no guessing in what he's trying to say and how he's going to go about it. Answered a lot of questions I initially had and I liked the answers I found.
 I recommend that every American read this book, no matter your political affiliation. Trump tells out state of country's affairs in a very specific way and it is information you should know.
 Listed to on Audible. I recommend reading or listening to.
 Very good collection of issues important to many Americans along with some reasons why they arose and possible steps to resolve them. A compelling and quick read. I recommend it highly
 He makes his point clear, no bones about it. not worried about 'political correctness'. He is what america need right now. A smart strong business man who knows how to get things done!
 The book was very informative. It gave me a better understanding of Trump's plans and ideas. I hope he will be able to carry out his plans for the leadership of the United States.
 Good read, good plan on the future and where the money will come from... Exactly what we need, ideas that are fiscally rooted and conscience of not treading on our constitution.
 Great book. Read it to understand why Obama is a failure, also why politics fails. Outstanding leadership book. Be informed on success and winning. Trump is awesome.
 He didn't write this book. In fact, he never even mentions the great ideas presented in this book during the presidential debates! I don't think he ever read 'his' book!
 great
 Trump is the voice of my generation. A true genius!
 Excellent book.
 Very good read!
 If you work in any front facing position, you must read this! Along with President Trump's other books, this affirms a Winning attitude and a strong presence!
 I purchased this for my husband. He has no read it yet. If he don"t read it soon I am going to get it and read it, as I think it will be interesting.
 Excellent expression of needed ideas and reforms.
 Much better than listening to the talking nheads
 The greatest of all the books...America today...
 Excellent read
 I like Donald Trump and I think he is right on with what is going on in our country. We need change now!! He tells what he thinks and sticks by it.
 In really enjoyed reading this book. It reinforces what he is saying on the campaign trail and how true it is. Definitely recommend reading it.
 If Hillary wins this election, say goodbye to freedom as we know it. This is a battle for the future of not just America, but the entire world.
 Great Book! Gives you an insite to Mr. Trump!
 Simply amazing. It was as if listening to him talk for hours and hours on concrete plans that intends to do. No fluff, just how he wants to say it. I received the book yesterday. Opened the book at 10pm. Couldn't put it down till 2am when my eyes were shutting on me. Woke up, continued reading until it's finished. Insightful.
 Very good, clear account of Mr Trump vision and policies for America in a simplified language that is easily accessible to everybody 👍
 Great book that finally outlines Trump's plan to make America great again! If you want to know what makes Trump tick, read this book!
 Donald j Trump wrote a wonderful book Right to all the trouble our country is in and how to fix it. He will be the one to do the job.
 Gives insight on platform that the news hasn't really gone into depth. Mr Trump is fiercely competetive, invested and plays to win.
 Great Book!
 This book explained a lot of what Mr. Trump has been saying. It is written in an easy to digest format and is well thought out.
 This is a great book. It was easy to read and gave me very good insight on how Donald Trump plans to make America Great again.
 This book is great. I got it in order to know more for my voting preferences, and it has me convinced that he is authentic.
 It was a very good read, written like he speaks, a honest man. Everybody should read this book, to get to know him better.
 Excellent solutions to what is ailing America. I couldn't help but read the one star ratings and I'd bet one of their welfare checks, that not one of them read his book! I especially loved his foreign policy ideas..so simply resolved, you'd wonder why it wasn't done before. If you dont want to spend the money, get it from the library.
 Very informative. Wonderful understanding of how the man feels about this country and what he intends to do to fix it.
 Great book!
 By far the most important book for 2016. Knowledge is power, don't miss this power packed high level knowledge
 If you have reservations about Donald Trumps position on different issues. You really need to read this book!
 A great read! Powerful insight.
 remarkable
 Great read
 Excellent!
 The book arrived well packaged l, and in superb condition. The book, first of all, looks fantastic, the design choice of using a glossy paper vs a matte paper makes the cover look gorgeous. This hardcover spine and two covers is of the utmost quality, and the book is sewn into the spine (I don't know the proper term). So I know this book will last the wear and tear.
 Many of his proposals make comment sense - his tax plan proposal is pretty extreme because it throws out the 72,000 pages of tax law that the US currently has - seriously who made the idea of having 72,000 pages of tax law? Even accountants don't know it all.  That's about it - enjoyed reading it and it speaks in a bombastic, engaging tone.
 Great Book.
 It is clear to me that Trump's detractors haven't read any of his books. They are looking for a lying politician to run against the Democrat nominee. Trump does not fit this description. This book helps the reader to understand what is going on in America, and what Trump is about. Everything about Trump is out in the open. He has nothing to hide. If Trump would listen to Rush Limbaugh and take his advice, he would be a shoe-in. Loved the book and will be rereading it soon. I really believe that he will make America great again.
 I think everyone should read it.
 Donald Trump for President!
 just finished ..and actually I now have some hope for America. Trump has nailed the key problems that are bringing this nation TO HER KNEES!! tRUMP IS NOT A POLITICIAN BUT ONE OF THE MOST HIGHLY REGARDED BUSINESS MEN IN THE WORLD .I THINK HE HAS A CLEAR PICTURE OF WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE....SO GLAD THAT I ORDERED IT...
 When the Mexicans go back to Mexico, those good factory jobs will go with them too - Yea! The Mexican standard of living will skyrocket - and Mexico will thank us. When Trump is elected, the peso value will plummet, making Mexican products cheaper for Americans. Mexico trade agreements with 45 countries (USA, just 20 countries), and so manufacturers built scads of state-of-the art-car factories down there that don't have enough workers. Mr. Trump to the rescue - he'll fill those Mexican jobs again! Muchos-gracias Senor Donaldo!
 GREAT MAN
 It's a very good read and explains how he can claim to do what he professes he will do.
 Right now the "business" of running our country is in the hands of politicians. We are in big trouble. This book explains how Donald Trump would bring efficacy, scrutiny, and business acumen by gathering great business talent to rescue our country under his administration. It's an uplifting, remarkable outline of what is possible with top leadership and determination. I believe American's could come together to meet the challenge of "Making America Great Again". It's worth reading.
 a VERY good read! You can tell he's prepared to sacrifice and sweat for this country
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
 An eye opener, regardless of political orientation, a book for everyone to read
 Enjoyed reading about his philosophy Think he would make a great President.
 I would challenge anyone to read the book and tell me where you disagree!!!
 Can't wait to vote for this common sense candidate for 2016!
 Outstanding. Contains many points covered in his policy statements .
 An excellent book describing what we need to do to take our country back
 Fantastic read, understand Trump and his views without a biased slant.
 The book is very informative. Well written and I recommend it highly.
 Right on! ( Not a pun.)
 It lays out every plan and acknowledges his own shortcomings. Really a good look into the possible Trump presidency. A much less scary, more appealing prospect than I had originally anticipated.
 excellent, quick service. More informative than Art of the Deal.
 If you want to get a good perspective on Trump, read this book.
 Very inyetestingxand informative. Would certsinly recommend it.
 It was very enlightening. Really liked the book and his ideas.
 Likely the next President of the United States. A good look into his philosophy and the steps he would lo endeavor to take if he ascends to the top office. It's a good read.
 Excellent research material in preparation for the election
 Donald Trump! The best! He is the ONLY one who will make America great again!If you want to get an over view on his plan and the sad state of this country get this book.
 Well written. Trump clearly explains what he thinks must happen to make America a better place and the qualifications he has that makes him the write guy for the job!
 Well articulated, accurate and easy to read. Great book.
 Love!
 Great read! I suggest it to everyone eligible to vote.
 Amazing! The truth!
 Want to know about Donald Trump and some of the details of his policies, then read his latest book. I learned more about what he stands for after reading.
 Despite all the silly media stories about him lately (sex assault accusations) and the "grab her by the p***y" comment, I still stand with this man. This book especially outlined why I still stand with him. He brags a lot? He has a lot of reasons to. His policy reforms sound so obviously sensible and geared towards taking care of Americans. If you want to delve into the immigration issue further, check out "Adios America" from Coulter. In this book he talks about all the other things we don't hear in the news; the issues that are popular with us Americans. Go Donald!
 If you disregard chapter #1, you will learn much about this candidate for president. Well worth the time to become a better informed citizen.
 My daughter challenged me to read this. It only takes a couple of hours, read it then decide for yourself. Don't let the media be you guide!
 The is a great book to read and easy to understand. He says the same thing on the tour that is in the book. Even if he does not get the nomination it is book that everyone should read.
 Covers his plans for American eminence very well.
 America needs Trump for president. We don't need another president that does nothing and only looks after what looks good for him! This country is going to be a third world country with our Hugh deficit, Trump for president will make America great again........
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  AMAZING BOOK
 Very readable! Sounds like he is just talking to you! Fast, fun and furious read! Highly recommend.
 Can endorse every position he takes in this book. He has accurately identified the average American's trigger points and has proposed common sense, logical solutions to them.
 I am basically apolitical and found that Trump actually tells it the way it is. Everyone in America should read this book.
 If you wonder what He's got planned, enjoy a well written delightful read. Get to know the man who can save our nation.
 Every voter should read this book to get an understanding of Mr. Trump's common sense plans to fix our flailing nation.
 Great Product. The whole family loves it.
 Incredible book that accurately depicts the mindset of Donald Trump and how he plans to make America great again.
 I enjoyed reading this book - very insightful. Donald spells out his position on all the major issues of today – let’s face it – whether you like him or not – he's an amazing success, going to a place to make it happen. If you want to know what Donald thought about politics 25 years ago – read his book - Trump: Surviving at the Top – especially the last chapter. Come on folks - Let's make America Great Again! TC
 The book is excellent. I hope Donald wins the primary election. He is the only republican candidate that can beat Hillary Clinton. If you disagree with the common sense logic written in this book. you're a communist....period. I laugh at the liberal SJW's posting fake reviews. Don't you folks know that Donald sprinkles hyperbole on his breakfast cereal. He dismantles your bogus agenda in the book. The blueprint for the conservative road to the White House are written in this book. Read it!
 I wasn't sure about Trump, but after reading the book and checking a few of the facts, I support the man!!
 In my opinion Donald would not make a good President. But his ideas on the issues are right on. He says things that we think. He doesn't need to filter anything because of the political influence. Of course one has to read the book for the good info and skim over the bombastic ego trip he is on. Great book for the analysis of the issues. I read it in 2 afternoon. But will refer to it many times in the next couple of weeks, to really understand the issues he talks about.
 Donald Trump lays out his ideas in a clear and concise manner. Once you hear it from him, and not listen to some talking head's version of his ideas, it all comes through crystal clear.  It is a fast read. I recommend it to Trump supporters and also the Trump haters. You will come away with a changed view of the man and his political ideals.
 good book. very quick read. I went from now way would I vote for him to --- I can do it if I have to. -ie better than Hillary or Bernie.
 Excellent book. Thank you so much.
 Mr Trump's book was very informative and I would highly recommended it to everyone, even if you are not a fan of Mr Trump.  DA
 I couldn't put it down.
 good reading
 Great insite and many good ideas.
 My husband loved this book. He found it most interesting and informative about the author.
 Trump surely has the right ideas
 This book gave me an entirely new respect for Donald Trump! Great book, worth the read!
 I am reading this book along with sone others of his because he is running for president. I am enjoying this book. It is giving me a sense of who he really is. A brilliant, strong, compassionate man who truly knows how to read people and situations.
 America can't handle the truth!
 Just great!
 The man is brilliant and the USA needs that after 7-years of a buffoon trio in D.C.
 Great read and gave for gift
 Trump 2016
 A brilliant commentary on the issues facing America and how to stump them.
 I learned much about Trump and am convinced those reading the book will find out what I already know. Trump will be great for America and put an end to corrupt politics on The Hill. Buy the book and become an informed citizen. Great, easy read.
 Service from the sender of the book was fine, as expected. The book is trash of the highest order by an egomaniac. It is frightening that someone like this is a candidate for our highest office. The Republican Party, the party of Lincoln, should be thoroughly ashamed. The book probably satisfies those who want a golf course on their backyard.
 Excellent. Donald Trump is the only candidate who knows HOW to fix America and he spells out his plans well.
 Highly motivating book. I am learning more about how we Americans have been shammed and how we need to come together and take our country back to the power of the poeple. Great read. --Still reaidng. I never buy books but I had to see what old school thinking Mr.Trump had. Reminds me of my own father to be honest and he was in real estate as well just not as Hugggggeeee
 This should be required reading for everyone who is eligible to vote
 Every word in this book is the truth. Actions need to be taken..
 Make America great again
 Donald Trump is the right person for the United States at the right time! I have read the book through twice and cannot disagree with anything he has written. Go Trump!!!!!!!
 Quick read. Somewhat repetitive. But it paints a clear picture of Trump and his positions. It's about how Americans used to think when making this country great. Before becoming entitled, politically correct and selling out.
 EXCELLENT BOOK ! A PAGE TURNER, COULDN'T LAY IT DOWN ! AM PASSING AROUND TO OTHERS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, AN ENTHUSIASTIC & INSPIRING BOOK. CAN'T WAIT 'TILL NOV.
 For those who wish to understand Trump and his philosophy I suggest reading this book and his previous books starting with "The Art of The Deal". Mr Trump, love him or hate him, he is the man who can help restore our great country.
 Nothing but the truth
 Great Christmas gift.
 Great read, written by a very smart man. Would recommend
 I am so happy I read this book. Donald Trump explains step by step how he will make America Rich and Great again! This man will change America!
 vote for him as pres
 Trump for president!
 Donald Trump candidly discusses his plan for making American great again! Inspiring!
 Finally a decent American who loves his country instead of a lying, corrupted, career politician.  Make American Great Again!!
 Started reading this immediately after Mitt Romney's anti-Trump rant in Utah. The day after, I came across David Stockman's Contra Corner blog piece: “Mitt Romney Is The Real Super-Fraud: Here’s The Proof, Chapter And Verse” (Stockman was Reagans Director of the Office of Management and Budget)  Trump is a force of nature and was inevitable. I think hes right when says nothing like the movement he inspires has ever happened before in US politics.
 This book says it all ! Clearly the only true patriotic American that has the desire and intelligence to make America great again !
 There's nothing better than learning from the best, and I'm all for Trump! I'm convinced he will be our next president. He's our best bet at saving this country as he has a real plan to "Make America Great Again". Go Trump!!! Nice work and thank you for everything you do! Great book.
 Excellent Read!! I highly recommend this book.
 Great read
 Goog reading Book! Trump sure is a Leader!
 Far more substance than I'd anticipated. I enjoyed seeing Trump's perspective of our Country. As someone who does believe America's best days are still to come, it's interesting to hear various aspects as to how to overcome the challenges we are facing.  Jessi Lohman Author http://www.amazon.com/Riding-Camino-Dragon-Jessi-Lohman-ebook/dp/B011Q3Q55I/ref=redir_mobile_desktop?ie=UTF8&fp=1&noEncodingTag=1&pc_redir=T1&redirectFromSS=1
 Our country should feel honored to have Donald Trump volunteer to get our country out of this gigantic mess the politicians have created. He does not need this position. He wants to fix our country for our children and grandchildren. His expertise in business in the world makes him the right person. The book does not shy away from "how" to do it as the news media insinuates. He has the answers! Good luck, Mr. Trump!
 Great book!!!!!!
 He tells it like it is, plain and simple. Full of no-nonsense solutions to the greatest challenges this country is facing. A read for every American concerned about her future.
 Loved this read
 You may not like the man, but he may be the only person to help get this country back on it's feet
 Love the book!
 the book more that met my expectations I have read all his books over the years and this one was exceptional it went to the heart of the problems are in America
 Just beginning to read this great book. I'm about 2 chapters in and it is hard to put down!
 Amazing book!
 Love the book
 great book #1
 Great Item...
 Great
 Tell Donald that he should simply take a few FACTS from this book, memorize them, and thereby silence his adversaries on the debate stage. This book is so clearly written even Rubio could understand Trump's position on the points in question.
 Wonderful book. Tells everything you could want to know about Mr. Trump and why he will be our next President in Nov 2016. Read it for yourself.
 It is a great representation into the mind of Donald Trump.  He is a businessman first and he comes off very strongly as a businessman.  A short book about 100+ pages but it is organized into great chapters about his experiences and knowledge of how the political system works from his perspective and how the country could benefit from a non-political candidates mind.
 Great Book about a GREAT Man!!!
 common sense
 This is a great book that tells of what Donald Trump wants to change in America. The book goes over everything from schools to taxes.
 Worth the read. If you want to understand who the next president is and what he believes in this book will give you an understanding.
 This book, Like Mr. Trump, does not pull any punches and tells it like it is. --More importantly, it provides a blueprint of how to actually repair the damage and make America great again!
 Awesome!! In-depth look at the man and the vision to make America great again. Everything that the networks don't want you to know.
 GO TRUMP! Make America GREAT again! We're behind you 100% to get us out of the quagmire that Obama and Co. have lowered us into.
 If you're one of the few that aren't blind sided by the media and actually have intentions of diving into the actual facts rather than the bias constantly reported in the media, this book will prove why no other person in America is better suited for president than Donald. If you're someone that is constantly reading headlines in the media, read this book and it'll change you.
 Anyone who love America will agree with these truths. Awesome read!!!
 Everything I expected and more. Quick easy read full of content.
 Good
 It's an amazing book by the next president of the United States. He exposes the media bias, and the corrupt government. Trump will deliver change. VOTE TRUMP 2016
 Great read, this is our chance to make America great again and Trump outlines a common sense plan in his book. It is our time to elect a successful businessman with a proven record versus a politician with no record! A must read that tells the truth in comparison to the fabricated stories in the media.
 The Best!!
 great book reading it now
 It's about time someone with courage has stepped forward to bring America back to it's greatness. Trump will go down in history as the man who did just that.
 Trump can do it. Our present government has failed miserably and will continue to fail with the likes of Hillary.
 Amazing book with great plans to make America great again.
 The handbook to understanding exactly what Mr Trump seeks to do to Make America Great Again and what he has identified is wrong. Worth the read.
 I enjoyed the book. Found out more about Mr. Trumps policy decisions. Nothing negative about the seller.
 Having followed Mr. Trump for over thirty years, I find this book, Crippled America, as one of his best. Mr. Trump knows exactly what our "leaders" don't know and that is how to fix our broken country. It's time someone who has the know how and actual work experience dealt with the mess less-abled politicians have created. Great read.
 It is sad that so many people find the need to review a book that they have never read, by someone they don't like, just to give it 'one star'. Donald Trump has a vision for America that is different that those who have become accustomed to being spoon-fed everything and living off of the government (which means that they live off of those who actually work for a living). They can't handle the possibility of someone becoming President who will not 'coddle' them with freebies while they sit at home watching TV and complaining about the 24th job they just walked off of because someone actually expected them to do something. 27 years ago, Mr. Trump was speaking the same things on Oprah Winfrey's show that he is speaking now. America cannot continue to function on a system that rewards the lazy and continues to punish working man and the entrepreneur. So glad to see a candidate who is not a career politician and who is not afraid to say what 75% of Americans are thinking. Sadly, I know that there are trolls who will seek out this review just to give it one star and drive my reviews down. But, that's okay. It's worth it to put and end to America's freefall into the poverty mindset that it has been given by the liberals and democrats over the last 100 years.
 Read It!
 The people who actually need to read this, never will. The left is nothing, if not stupid.
 Better insight to Trump and his ideas than listening to what the news media reports.
 Wow, just wow. So much information I never knew about this man. Very good read.
 makes sense to me
 An excellent overview on how Trump is going to make "America Great Again".
 A must read so you actually understand Mr. Trump. Also read the Art of the Deal.
 Great book, especially for fence sitters. Trump's not the Satan the MSM, DNC, & now the GOP makes him out to be. Want detail So? They're here. Want an inspirational real leader? Look no further.
 You gotta read it... A new perspective on the guy. Make American Great Again
 Our next President.An American Leader.
 Great material.
 Great book about the true life of Donald Trump. He is truly a hard working man and is now ready to endeavor to do so much for his country. A true American who says it like it is.
 Very interesting'- I like Trump and hope he can make America great again!!
 Easy to read book. Gives hope!
 Fantastic Book. Not the same message portrayed by the mainstream media. A must read for any voter in the next election. Get the real message, not the lies of the mainstream media. An informed electorate is the most quintessential element of any democracy- so whether you like the Donald or not, this book is an essential read for the fact that the public should know the full story before they cast their ballot.
 This answers all the questions about Trump, and addressess all the lies.
 It's brilliant. It makes sense. Much of it is what he's said on the campaign trail, but with a little more detail. If you think he repeats himself and says the same stuff over and over, well, that stuff takes up several CDs. So he's saying a lot!
 Best book on Donald Trump and his ideas on how to fix America. Wish more people would read it and realize that he will make a good President. Maybe the Best.
 Very well written and factually describes the mess America is in.
 A must read. Lays out his plan for making America great again.
 I really enjoyed reading this book - in fact, I couldn't put it down! It is straight to the point and you get to see a different side to Trump. I was very much impressed with all the civic and charitable organizations he supports and what he has and is doing for the city of NY. I strongly recommended this book to those that are on the fence with the primaries.
 I hope everyone unsure of which candidate to support in the upcoming election takes time to read this. Wow the media portrayed him incorrectly!!!
 TYPICAL TRUMP ORATORY. YOU COULD ALMOST SEE HIM STANDING THERE AS YOU READ IT. I THINK HE WOULD GET SOMETHING GOING AGAIN IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
 Great
 Love him even more after reading both "Crippled America" and "The Art of the Deal." I sincerely encourage everyone to please read these books to know who Donald Trump really is, because he is without any doubt the Man who SHOULD be our President. Wonderful reading and very enlightening!
 I liked it and shows more of the man than his press talks.
 A very good book. I enjoyed learning more about the man.
 I LOVE THIS MAN, HE LOVES AMERICA AND I AM SO EXCITED TO HAVE HIM AS MY PRESIDENT. AWESOME READ AWESOME IDEAS. LOVE YOU BIG DADDY!
 As far as the book though... Only a fool would vote for this man after reading his 3rd grader grammar. Makes a good door stopper.
 Trump says it how it is, and he doesn't pull any punches. You have to respect his candor. Not politically correct YEA!!!!!!!!
 Trump critics should read this book. It makes a lot more sense than what We have been hearing from politicians for decades.
 Donald J. Trump is unlike anyone in the history of American politics. The man is a superhero and will be on money someday.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book. Highly recommend it.
 GREAT BOOK
 Just love this man...am voting for him for our next President. It's about time we get someone who knows what he's doing!
 Easy read and very interesting. Makes you think.
 Wonderful
 Vary good
 Good read
 great book, he is really not as bad as they say
 It is important not to use TV and mass -media as a FILTER as the "anchor people" proudly and vainly think they are! They might think that we have elected them to rule us. WE HAVE NOT ! We have all been given a brain. We do not need the 24 hour a day analysis of these over paid quasi-intellectuals (if even that !) to interpret HOW we should evaluate people whom , we the people have elected; but, these leaders are now subjugated and imprisoned intellectually by their popularity of the media not of us, the people We do not need a mouthpiece for our thoughts on all phases of the leader we have a duty to elect.If I filter out the nourishment and vitamins from my food, I will be very weak; our LEADERS are never allowed to speak to the public without TV's brutal filtering process ! and biased dissection and tongue-lashing immediately after a leader opens his/her mouth. At least ,this book, is soon to be president Donald J. Trump's own personal AUTO- biography . . .! not third person calumny or character castigation ! , but, his own first person account of his ideals and thoughts. Even in the criminal courts of justice, a man is allowed to speak for himself ! So should, we, the people, do less for a potential leader of one of the largest most powerful countries on the globe, than read his thoughts and study him , also, unfiltered by news propaganda ?? Our TV anchormen and women are given more TALK TIME than any elected political leader or president without interference ! We think that we know politics and religions, and are FREE , but, we only know BIASED EDITORIALS . . . Thank God , that there are people who are independent thinkers still left and read first hand autobiographies and have the moral courage to stand out and be targets for our already insidiously silencing media powers! These are not times of political parties , but, the warriors of MEDIA against the will of we, the PEAOPLE .
 Interesting to learn details on his policies.
 If only he spoke as well as the book reads!
 Great information.
 I love how this book puts to rest literally every accusation the left has against Trump. MAGA.
 Just an absolutely wonderful book! I'm only 14 but Donald Trump will make America great again!
 A clear representation of Donald Trumps ideas. Well written and very enjoyable to listen to.
 This book is so true. Finally an American candidate that cares about AMerica! His voice is like a voice from heaven, AMericans have been screaming these words to there elected official with no response, Trump is Americans response. Thank you Mr. Trump for hearing our cries to save this great nation!
 This book is an excellent outline of what Trump plans to do to "Make America Great Again" he tells you exactly what's wrong with our government including the tax code, obama care, immigration, the threat of ISIS and much more and how he plans to fix each problem. It is literally "fixing the problem" chapter by chapter. Donald Trump is a man set in his ways and uses his vas experience in business both here in America and abroad combined with common sense to paint a picture of hope that America can be great again! Love the book! Definitely worth reading wether you support Trump or not, because you will better understand where he is coming from and that he is a normal human being that wants the best for every American.
 Great book. Hard-hitting like his rallys. He says what Americans are thinking about.
 worthwhile read
 Trump gets right to the point with logical solutions. Enjoyed this very much.
 An excellent read to find where Trump stands on all issues. Very informative,
 GREAT READING !
 Fantastic book!
 Need someone who can get things done rather than talk and wasting tax money.
 He dares to speak out some truths that other politicians dare not to speak.
 Worth reading!
 Right on Mr T
 This is an excellent book. I would recommend it for everyone to read.
 This is an excellent book. I would recommend it for everyone to read.
 Donald Trump, as a very successful business man, knows exactly what to do for this country to get back on it's feet again. My prayer is that he gets elected!
 The Donald has the Right idea. Very Good insight into who Donald J Trump is and what he wants for this Great Country. I highly Recommend this book
 We need this man, read more of the books on him out there.
 Fast, easy read, that led me to believe Donald J. Trump loves his country. Basically the stuff you here in his speeches with a bit more detail.
 This is a great read and a deeper understanding of Donald Trump. We need a real leader in this country, Donald will make America great again.
 Great book.
 I voted for Trump because I like his ideas. This book is just further proof that I did the right thing. Don't be fooled by the idiot left. This guy is the real deal. Making America great again. One liberal tear at a time.
 Plain speak from Trump on his views of what's good and what's wrong with America. Make America Great Again, Make America Safe Again.
 Very well written, easy to understand, informative, and inspiring. Highly recommend reading no matter your political party.
 I Love this book where Donald Trump outlines the problems with this country and how he plans to make America Great again.
 Great read.
 He loved it.. Yay Trump!
 Excellent! A fast-pace but methodical problem solver!
 Very informative and I admire this man. A must read!
 Great book.... he makes you think of ways we can help our country.....give the book a chance and see for yourself
 Spot on!! Vote for him!
 awesome,,gave to my adult son,,he is reading now..
 God book, a must read!
 My boyfriend loves it.
 Great book
 I wasn't for trump until I read this book. I thought he was out of his mind and he didn't have any policy's. After reading this my view has completely changed. This man is genuine in what he says and he has genius ideas. He explains how he plans on getting things done. If you're on the fence about trump this book is a must read.
 Easy to read info about donald trumps beliefs
 If you want to add substance to what Mr. Trump is saying out on the campaign trail, read this.
 Good way to understand where Trump stands and his policies in clear to understand English
 Excellent ride arrived ina timely manner.
 Trump tells all of his views on the issues our nation is currently facing and how he plans on solving them. He will bring back a common sense approach to government if he is elected president.
 Not a big reader but finished in 1 day.
 GREAT outline of Trump's campaign so far and his plan to Make America Great Again!
 Very informative.
 this book hits the nail on the head
 Well written and very informative.
 OUTSTANDING! GO TRUMP GO!
 Came quickly! I bought this book as a gift, so I have not read it. But am told that it was very much appreciated, so 5 stars for the awesome, flawless transaction and for making a Trump fan happy!
 Great book everyone should read.
 Excellent book!
 Donald Trump has sound policies that will make America stronger
 I actually downloaded a copy on piratebay dot se with UTorrent.
 excellent book
 Worth the read
 Loved the book
 Good quality.
 A marvellous read. How can anyone other than TRUMP be better qualified to TURN AMERICA AROUND! He must win... Or else!
 Love this book! GREAT READ!
 If he does everything he says he will in this book. America Will Be Great Again. I am looking forward to the process.
 Amazing book! A must read!
 Easy to read
 Excellent !!
 Love Mr. Trump!! Loved the Book!! I pray he is the next president of the United States!! Only he can fix the mess Obama has made of our great country!
 Very good, an easy read.
 Great book. I like someone to tell it like it is.
 Excellent!!! My father will love this for Xmas!!
 Stellar book! Great perspective on constitution!
 More conversational in approach, almost like transcripts from a speech rather than a book. He does a good job of presenting his position.
 I wanted to read the book to get more of an insight into why Donald Trump is running for President. I enjoyed reading the book very much. It answered a lot of questions that I have. I recommend the book for anyone interested in learning more about one of the political candidates. I'm still studying all of them, but this gave me a better insight into this one.
 I have never been more excited about the future of America, and what President Trump can accomplish. I learned so much from this book.
 Great book. Love it.
 Really intelligent writing. I was impressed. One of the best books in politics I've read.
 I review many different types of products on amazon website and on ebay website and target website and sears website . I consider myself an expert reviewer as I have a lot of experience. If I like the product and think that its good I am giving my honest review that this product is great. I have different reviews for how satisfied I am with the product. This review is if I love the product and I am putting a five star review! Nowadays most products are made in China and the quality of these products have gone down tremendously therefore I think its my duty to give a review on the quality of these items. This product has reached my standard of quality and would recommend it to friends and family! I hope you find this review helpful.  Disclaimer: I received this product for free or at a discount for testing in return for my honest and unbiased review. This in no way affects my review. Opinions are solely my own and are not influenced by anything other than my experience with the product. As a big online shopper, I know how important reviews are in helping me decide whether or not to buy a product.
 good book.
 Great book
 Helped reinforce my support of the Donald.
 Nice book
 This book's charm is in its prose style -- authentically as quirky as Trump's speaking style -- which makes me have much more faith in his promises than all the wonky complexities that emanate from the halls of Congress--for ANYONE who has worked in the private sector --née reality --Trumps approach to problem solving is what all of us have experienced-- the non academic world of where the rubber meets the road vs the halls of academia and congress --where " all shuffle here/ all cough ink/ all wear the carpet with their soles/ all KNOW THE MAN THEIR BROTHER KNOWS"( with apologies to WB YEATS)--short of a Convention of the States to enact term limits I feel only Trump has the will and the resources to change Washington and that is what this book describes--make America great again -- simple slogan that we can all understand -- not some hokey concept like "quantitative easing"
 Fantastic Book!!!!
 Well written lots of information. Would recommend to anyone wether you like donald or not. Its an outstanding book
 Very entertaining
 good
 great thank you!
 Great book, wonderful insight as to issues of our country and how to Make America Great Again!
 This was a book I really enjoyed. It told details of how Trump planned to Make America Great Again. It helps you to get a prospective into the mind of Donald trump. A must read.
 Amazing book
 I loved it!!
 One of Trump's Best ...Couldn't put it down!
 HOT DOG, super great book written by a SUPER GREAT GUY, if you do not read this, then you have no idea what is going on in America. Go Trump 2016
 Everyone should read this book. It will give you a better understanding of Donald Trump and his standing on issues. Excellent book, easy read.
 Excellent information on Donald's perspective, well worth the read...
 Excellent!
 Only hope.
 great book
 Great book
 Good Book.
 Good book with a lot of interesting points. I recommend it if you are into politics and the direction we are heading in this country.
 Good read for anyone interested in Donald expanding on his ideas for America. Something different than the typical political blather
 Good.
 GREAT
 Great book by a great man who wants to make America great again. He tells it like it is. I can't wait to see things change.
 Excellent. Very well written with specific details when appropriate. A picture of Mr. Trump not evident I the public media.
 Good book
 Easy to read. All the stuff about Trumps plans you don't hear during the relentless press coverage and Ted Cruz's gripes.
 Great, easy reading. I learned a lot. I know Trump is the one who will heal America and get us back on the right track.
 It gives honest and powerful wisdom applicable to solve problems in many countries in the world and America needs them.
 Excellent book. A true patriot!
 The chapters about his policies when he is in office are very good. Based on these I will vote for him. The long list of all his properties and accomplishments is overdone.  Adriaan Termeulen
 Provides A more broad her opinion of the man then listening to other people great book direct into the point
 Go Trump
 Fantastic Book!
 The book capped it! Reading this book confirmed what I already thought about the values of Donald Trump.
 The man to get the job done.
 You may not like Trump, but this book tells as it is.
 This book is as simple as his other books. Little nuance is found here. He says what he believes and it is easy to figure out "Who is Donald?" , If you read his books.
 An informative insight to the real Donald Trump! I highly recommend this book to any Doubters!
 A good insight into the man. Love the listing of all his properties in the back of the book.
 If you really need to understand him, read this and you'll know why people loves him! I do!
 First half was mostly a rehash of his speeches/opinions; second half gave a great view on his policy positions. Great read- will make an independent think twice.
 Can't wait to get the my copy!
 Breathtaking. I read the entire book in one session. This is the work of great man.
 Loved it! If you really want to know what Donald Trump stands for, read this book!
 Well written and detailed. Loved it!
 Trump speaks the truth. America would be wise to listen to him. And elect him.
 Great book, if this book is true Trump needs to be elected, he will do the job
 This was a gift for a family member that said he really enjoyed the book.
 Very good information and would be on my list of recommended reading.
 Excellent book. I would recommend to get this and read it. Thank You.
 Great
 Mr. Trump's written English is excellent, and there are a lot of points that only he has the guts to say. Seller is excellent.
 Donald Trump 2016
 People who say he has no details and no plan need to read this book!
 Worth reading! I never write reviews. I made an exception this time.
 Bought it for my husband for Christmas. He's enjoying it very much.
 good book
 Do not count Mr.Trump out before you read this book, because you will not do so afterwards. Please read. It's a great book.
 another great book that sheds light on the current state of affairs
 Awesome book, enjoyed it! #Trump2016
 Great plans for our country! Thank you Trump! You earned my vote!
 Great honest book! We could all learn from his experiences.
 Very good reading, interesting.
 If people actually read the book, they would understand why we need this man in the White House! 10/10
 Everyone should read this book
 Before reading this book, I was a Bernie Sanders supporter. I can now say that I am a proud Republican and support Donald Trump for President. It is truly a must-read!
 It was a great book to learn what his policies are.
 the book is full of free market wisdom. let the market makes best for our life and the most important job a leader is supposed to do is to maintain the market.
 what trump says is all true
 Yeah somebody who can really fix an economy, balance a budget and do it ON TIME>
 A good read and helpful view into trumps ideas
 I enjoyed the book and have a much better understanding of Donald Trump and what he would propose to do if elected president of the United States.
 Very good book. Informative and interesting.
 I Don't care what (you're) nationality, ehtnic group (ethnic), race might be... America needs this guy and so does the world. He's human.
 Make America Great Again
 This is the blueprint and plan to get the economic trend heading up.
 Trump is my pick for president. I have to believe he will beat Hillary. Is this book available in paperback?
 Me and my wife enjoyed the book very much. It cast a different light on Trump that the media does not show.
 Good book. Read it. Fast shipping.
 I really liked this product their were some issues with the books quality but im still satisfied with it
 Husband really enjoyed this read
 Good stuff. I support Trump
 It was spot-on I loved the book
 Enjoying this book, half way through it at this time.
 Liked the book--so very true.
 Great!
 Future President Trump is spot on in this book.
 Great book very insightful.
 good reading about america
 Go Trump!
 Great book. I voted for trump so it would not have changed my choice but I do wish that I had read the book before the election.
 Great Must read
 Calls it like he sees it~
 Great book! Enjoyed every minute of it. Go Trump!!!! You got my vote.
 LOVED IT!!! A plan to move us forward...
 Love Trump, great read.
 Excellent book. Really educates you in how he works and thinks. Admire him greatly since reading it.
 He makes a lot of sense and I never would have thought it.
 Certainly a good start - interesting to see if he can win.
 2016
 Donald Trump comes across in "Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again" like Joseph Nana in "Disciples of Fortune" in so many ways. The differences hinge in the fact that Josef Nana is emulative in every aspect.
 Truly one of the more important books ever written. I, like most trump supporters apparently, had previously zero idea of what was going on in this country, or the world I guess, previously, nor was I even sure who Donald Trump was. But after reading his book, and taking his word for the dire state of EVERYTHING in the world, it seems easier to throw my unwavering support behind Trump as a candidate than to have to read any data, facts, or policy papers from any other sources that would undoubtedly contradict the majority of this book.  Throughout the book, Mr. Trump makes it clear his obvious qualifications for the office of president. When it comes to the economy? Sure he's never had any experience with national budgets or foreign trade agreements, but as it is noted in the appendix, this man owns a Boeing 757! Would you rather have some guy making important policy decisions who only owned a prop jet? And he's so modest, he doesn't even bring it up that often! Foreign policy? Sure, he has no military experience, no experience in foreign diplomacy, yada yada yada, but as he notes, he built a "magnificent" golf course in Scotland once, and by the end of that project, he had even learned the names of most of the local officials! Id like to here today's "establishment politicians" say THAT!  Mr. Trump obviously understood the urgency in which the nation needed this book - he released this book before he had a chance to even arrange the bombastic word vomit that he spewed all over a series of pages to organize it into something meaningful and coherent. He spends most of his time asserting that there is apparently empirical evidence that a politician who tells you they will do something will never accomplish it, despite their general understanding of how the American government works or is even constructed, but Donald trump WILL get things done because, well, he says so! And with absolutely no reason to believe that, I still do, and I take comfort in that.  This book lays out all of his ideas for the plethora of problems with this country, most of which only he seems to be aware of. Most of his solutions involve locking some "smart people" in a room until they figure stuff out. I'd like to see the old fat cats in Washington come up with ideas like that!  All in all, you need to read this book, and if you don't read it, then you're a communist who needs to go get gay married to Obama. This guy is obviously the most qualified presidential candidate out there, and if you don't think so, let me remind you that he's "really really rich". If you don't believe me, read the book. He spends about 25% of it reminding you. America!
 Great explanation by Mr. Trump.
 Excellent book.
 Great book
 Best of the best
 trump could not be more right...loved it
 Excellent book!
 good reasons for trump's candidacy
 Love it!!!!!!
 Good book. He clearly lays out where he stands and what he thinks should be addressed.
 Tells it like it is.
 Great book.
 Great book!
 Excellent product
 look past the ego
 Fantastic book :)
 Very intersesting
 Fantastic! *****
 Well written !!!
 Good read.
 Good read
 Anything thst promotes the removal of B.O. should have s 5 star rating! Of course the replacement should NOT be Hitlary! Remember......B.O.Stinks!
 An INCREDIBLE manual for how to make this country great again! A must own book for all simple minded white racists and bigots. Mr Trump will guide us to the Graceland. Everyone grab your bible, take your shotgun off the wall, kiss your wife/cousin goodbye and let's send those mexicans packing! America IS great!!1!1
 Great book
 Trump 2016
 Excellent.
 Excellent book. It's nice to know that Trump and his sons are members of the NRA. Donald has big plans for America. We love you, brother.
 Great read, kept me interested. Read his first book and liked it. Would recommend it to any republican that is on earned about America.
 He says it like it is; informative, not bias -- excellent book that will enlighten you!
 Awesome book by an amazing man! Get this book, even if you don't agree with his policies or beliefs. You'll learn so much!
 Just read the book and it is obviously better than "Stronger To Get Her".
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain => clear plan for the future! Recommended for anyone on the fence about Donald Trump.
 Great Man! Great book! My President.
 One of the best books I've read in 2015! Thanks to The Donald!! Should be required reading for all voters. He tells it like it is!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed getting to know Mr. Trump. I will be sharing this with many friends.
 Excellent book provides details on Trump's positions such as tax policy and foreign policy. You really get a sense that he cares.
 Great product and a dream to do business with. Making America GREAT again.
 Quick and easy read.
 Good book
 Is very nice! The guy I bought it for is headed to another state to be a police officer and he loved it. Thank yoh
 Direct and to the point! Mr Trump makes his positions clear. Worth an easy read if you are going to vote.
 Hope he goes all the way to office - So spot on with what needs to happen to fix this country
 Trumps newest book. Reads like a manifesto.
 Trump provides detailed insight to his plans for the country.
 It gave me an idea how the new president-elect plan to improve the USA after he starts presidency in Jan 2017.
 Lays out his plans for America
 Wonderful. Read it through one night.
 More Americans need to read this book
 Great book that shows he really does have a plan
 You really outta read this book
 And the liberal media thinks this man is dumb or dumber.
 I loved the book. He has such common sense ideas for how to turn our country around and make America Great again.
 Great book to help you decide who to vote for.
 Great read. Trump 2016!!!!!!!!!!
 Simple and to the point.
 Nothing new learned.
 This book has a couple of thousand 5 star ratings and they seem to be all gone. Hmm, I wonder why. If they do not reappear in the next week, I am canceling my Amazon account and head to Ali Baba and Walmart. This was a good read book.
 Still reading.
 Trump is spot on!!
 Love this book. I totally have faith that Trump can do what he says he's going to do and his ideas make a lot of sense. I think he is our last hope before the country goes bankrupt and is taken over by the hidden powers that be.
 Exellent read
 Enjoyed the book
 Great! Thanks!
 good reading
 Excellent!!!
 Well written
 While business builders go to millionaires for advice, guess where millionaires go when they need direction? That's right! They go to a billionaire like Donald Trump.WHO AM I?A Guide to Abundant and Prosperous life: Freedom and Liberation from earthly life
 good read
 Great book!!!!
 Great read
 Great book!!! Let's you really get to know about the bad leaders we have in the whiny house and how to make America great again
 I don't personally like Trump, but he is a great influence in business! I wouldn't mind networking with Trump.
 Very good read! Must have if you want to learn more about DJT, his beliefs, work ethics and what he plans to bring to the table if elected as POTUS.
 Excellent book. Our next president for sure. Mr Trump has shown the way. If we want to be great again, we need Donald Trump.
 Excellent book!!!! Great thought put into the book. What a great mind and would make a great www at leader.
 Excellent book. I think everyone should read this. Mr Trump addresses all the problems America is facing.
 MAGA
 Yesterday, true Englishmen voted to leave the European Union. True Americans pine for similar heroic deeds. Soon, England will be declared free (let Scotch Communists etc go where they will).  Tomorrow, America will throw off its own shackles. The entire world is being put on notice: get out of America's way!  Winston Churchill advocated the union of English-speaking peoples everywhere. America & England will unite and punch the rest of 'em out!  Go, England!  Go, America!  Throw off the $*** ! Stick it up (*^()%(*)^ 's nose! Seek the commonality of your own essential nature! Bust loose! Gang together and show the world that we're not gonna take it no more! %%((*)$ 'em!
 He at least gets the message out that the establishment is afraid to talk about…...
 Donald J Trump books are the best because Kamil has 3 books about Donald J Trump.
 Amazing amazing amazing book. Nothing but the truth!!!
 Great read, many interesting views.
 Love this book! A great read!
 Quick read. Right on the money!
 Great book. Highly recommended.
 Great book, couldn't put it down!
 Who can disagree with this book?
 interesting book on Trump
 Interesting reading
 Love this book.
 GOOOOOO, Donald
 Interesting.
 It's a book
 Excellent
 M.A.G.A.
 For all that I have felt that is wrong with our wonderful country for the past many years, this book has given me hope that we will persevere to Greatness and freedom once again. I have NOT watched T.V. NEWS since 1998 when I felt that mostly bad news was on and that most of the journalism was 'YELLOW'! The journalists have become the news and the stars, and they seem very angry if challenged...so the news has been off. This book lets us know just what is wrong and how to solve the many problems....(I feel so Enlightened!) One of the problems I would like to see addressed is with the drug conglomerates which outright 'discourage' natural products use (Supplements like Vitamins, Minerals, Herbs, Amino Acids (smallest recognizable particle of a protein) and especially SAM-e which erases pain, creates a great mood and has the great 'side effect' of detoxing the liver and much more; My last order was from Amazon in the Jarrow brand, 200mg 60 tabs; one to two tabs, one to two times daily on an empty stomach (not for anyone taking Rx Drugs for depression!!! you must ween off of Rx drugs with doctors assistance to take this:-)). in 2000 My back Doctor approved SAM-e for me for pain and I have taken it ever since. with much improved mood also! These drug companies make sure that these items are NOT COVERED by most insurance companies and not Medicare, (and call any doctor that uses supplements 'quacks'...) by lying about test results and giving false information (testimony) about products that work wonderfully for me. My urologist has an 'ANTI AGING' CERTIFICATE (DEGREE?) YET HE WILL ONLY USE IT FOR HIMSELF... I assume because he does not wish to be called a 'QUACK' , possibly loosing his MD license or?! There needs to be reform in our medical fields to encourage the use of NATURAL PRODUCTS (SUPPLEMENTS...and especially Homeopathic Remedies that have no side effects...the Queens of England have used these Remedies since the early 1930's I believe, and have had a Naturopath on call 24 hours a day...from what I have read) BEFORE using DRUGS ( that will cause deficiencies like the most popular Cholesterol medication (I was given free samples yet declined to take them after i read the many side EFFECTS it can cause... one of which, (and not listed in my WalMart Rx info paper), info which I found on-line, is that it depletes CoQ10 ... a deficiency of CoQ10 causes heart attacks. Consumers of Prescription Drugs have a right to know exactly what nutrients any DRUG depletes, when it is used by us consumers! SUPPLEMENTS NEED TO BE COVERED BY THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AND MEDICARE AND MEDICAID....wee need the freedom to choose how we heal. I am hoping that Donald Trump will read this review and solve this problem along with all of the other problems he is solving. Even before being elected, I have noticed that Senators and even our President AND Putin, are changing what they do when Donald Trump talks. Now that is POWER folks! Warmest Wishes RX companies do not (like many of the Eye Doctors have taken to recommending eye supplements. I understand that LESS radiation and Chemo can be used on cancer patients when certain supplements are used (before, during and after these treatments), because they increase the effectiveness of both treatments.
 This book is great in giving you a better understanding of who Mr. Trump is as a person and business man.
 Haven't had time to even look at the text as I got it just today.
 Insightful reading and clear policy statements
 A must-read for Trump fans and others.
 Very Good!
 Its HUGE....!
 huge,im just sayin
 good book
 Anything Donald Trump is good for America ! Thank you Don...
 Reading the book is not Enough we need to actually go out and vote
 I love Donald Trump and am voting for him
 Read the book if you want a better understanding of Donald Trump.
 MAGA
 Amazing toilet paper, would buy again
 Amazon is great. Trump is not even close
 Love his books.
 Love the book, great guy, effective ideas!  Just as in the book; he speaks straight, the TRUTH about what's wrong with our country and the people who have been leading it for a long time.  Observing the hidden side of the political scene, a successful business man; he knows what every politician has done; take money from special interests, many that are destroying our country. They get elected, then are owned and controlled by those corrupt businesses that gave the politician money. It's bribery.  Donald Trump has spent his own money for his campaign. Nobody owns him. When he is president; HIS decisions will go into effect. Not some secret person's, corporation's... agenda.  I watch all his rallies. Saw him in Worcester, Massachusetts. Never a dull moment; speaking from the heart, sharp mind, uncovers corruption worldwide and maps out a plan to correct it. He's tough and at the same time has a good heart. Great sense of humor!!!  Book reveals some really bad things happening undercover in our and other governments/businesses. I read Native American end times books, watch their videos. Trump reminds me of one of the good sprits heaven has placed on earth to chase the evil money changers out of the temple. To avoid destruction of the earth by people who are on a low spiritual level. Who fake being Christian...  Love the New York City Marble Collegiate Church he attends; Many kind, intelligent, spiritual, successful, positive minded famous people; Norman Vincent Peale, Reverend Daniel Poling...
 Right on !
